3	The pilots ' heads looked ridiculously small .
10	`` Buster would solve that quarterback problem just as we head that way '' .
4	1.0 gram premix per head per day for promoting growth , feed conversion , and getting lambs on full feed earlier .
1	The head was wrapped in a turban and on top of the turban rode a great hamper across which a piece of poncho had been flung .
3	Phil shook his head and Eddie frowned .
3	He turned his head to the source of the disturbance and instantly back to the window and his rifle sight , dismissing Hoag for the moment with the same contempt he had shown in their encounter at Hoag 's apartment .
27	I felt superior to the neighborhood friends I was leaving behind , felt older than my years , and was full of compliments for myself as I headed into the subway that was carrying its packs of passengers out of that dull borough and into the unstable , tantalizing excitement of Manhattan .
3	Bill shook his head .
15	After spending two nights ( Wednesday and Thursday ) in Catskill , the deputies again headed for the Vermejo to finish their business .
10	Climbing the steps steadily , they reached the top and headed for the door .
4	He put his his head out .
3	The skiff was headed for the very center of the nebula - toward that place which , Jack knew now , could hold nothing less important than the very core of the Angel 's life and religion .
1	They headed in that direction and , at San Juan Capistrano by-the-Sea came upon Barco sitting in the quaint old Spanish Mission Drive-in , eating a hot tamale .
10	Here , too , she talked low , quirking her head at one or another of the places , most often at Izaak 's armchair which faced her across the long table .
20	There had also been a man who must have had St. Vitus or something , because he kept jerking his head .
9	When he finally did he had to duck his head quickly away as the pitch came in .
19	When McFeeley was halfway to the door , the proprietor emerged - a mountainous , dark man , his head thick with resiny black hair , his eyes like two of the black olives he imported in boatloads .
1	The head was then fixed on a pole at Westminster , and the rest of the body was buried under the gallows .
13	He tramped out of the Miners Rest with his hopes plummeting , and headed doggedly for the Palace Saloon , the last place of any consequence on this side of the street .
2	It had headed back toward Jarrodsville .
42	Since she could not act , one part suited her as well as any other , and so she was the first person to offer Mr. Lincoln a glass of water , holding it up to the box , high above her head , to Miss Harris , who had asked for it .
23	Instead of quelling the dissension , as many captains of the era would have done ( Sir Francis Drake lopped a man 's head off under similar circumstances ) , Hudson decided to be reasonable .
6	Then I saw the father 's head slightly turn ; gauche rainbow shapes replaced the poignant ovals of gold .
13	In news items a man is less often shot in the body or head than in the suburbs .
11	This was Madden 's suggestion ; the police chief shook his head over it .
12	To reduce vibrionic abortion in breeding sheep , feed 80 milligrams per head daily .
10	He turned over impatiently and pulled the sheet over his head against the treacherous encroachment of the dawn .
2	When his head came down , Curt grabbed him by the hair and catapulted him head first into the wall .
7	He was prancing along the hall , heading for the next flight of stairs .
31	The doors of the D train slid shut , and as I dropped into a seat and , exhaling , looked up across the aisle , the whole aviary in my head burst into song .
3	Brannon shook his head .
23	The posse then asked that he send out the women and children as the building would be fired or torn down over his head if necessary to take him dead or alive .
22	`` Take a ride on this one '' , Brooks Robinson greeted Hansen as the Bird third sacker grabbed a bat , headed for the plate and bounced a third inning two run double off the left centerfield wall tonight .
17	By the time the fielder got his hands on the ball Deegan was rounding third base and heading for home .
11	His steps were short and stiff , and , with his head thrown back , his progress was a supercilious strut .
5	10 milligrams of diethylstilbestrol per head daily .
9	You 'll probably get a ball bat on the head .
3	Adam shook his head .
8	Though Bob Carroll seemed to have had his head practically blown off by the exploding grenade , he lived .
37	The night after reading her letter about her surgeon uncle - it must have been late in September - I had a vision of myself returned in ragged uniform from The Front , nearly dying , my head bandaged and bloody , and Jessica bending over me , the power of her love bringing me back to life .
3	Frankie shook his head .
3	Harold shook his head .
5	`` What happened to your head '' ?
3	Hub shook his head so Andy told him not to bother .
6	Eyes swerved in the patronne 's head , Alex coughed loudly , and the doctor , with a sforzando of chicken noises floating behind him , took to the stairs in long shanked leaps .
3	She shook her head .
7	A tune began to whirl inside his head .
31	Stilts and Shadow , on Pam 's bed , appeared to be one cat - rather large , as Siamese cats go , and , to be sure , having two heads and two tails .
12	The first ball the hefty pitcher threw came in for Mike 's head .
11	The Georgia Legislature will wind up its 1961 session Monday and head for home - where some of the highway bond money it approved will follow shortly .
27	Even as the conviction of truth roared through him , shattering his last hope of safety , he was reaching to release the hand brake , to head up the road for home , doing her bidding .
8	Instead of answering you , he sticks his head in the door and shouts up the stairs .
5	Only the top of the head , with a spot bare and white as a clamshell , remained visible .
46	At these times he felt a kind of pain in his upper chest , but it was an objective pain , in no way different from others in intensity and not different in kind ; it was like the bandaged wound on the back of his head which occasionally throbbed ; it was merely another part of his weakness .
16	There was the slight pain , but it was no different from the throbbing in his head .
7	Eileen declared she could n't lift her head from the pillow .
14	To increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency , feed 75 milligrams per head in daily supplement .
5	She said without turning her head , `` After that rain beating in atop the dust , there is n't a thing that won n't be streaked '' .
9	A match flared , and he reached above his head to light a lantern which hung from a wire loop .
7	Feed 75000 units or 75 milligrams per head daily .
4	The skiff was not heading for the nursery , however .
3	Pa had his head up , glaring , his teeth gnawing at the place where he 'd grown a mustache once .
9	As the bus turned into the main highway and headed toward Hanover I settled back in my seat and closed my eyes , thinking over the events of the past two weeks , trying to put the pieces in order .
14	The unfortunate queen mounted the scaffold ; the headsman swung his axe ; the head dropped off ; end of film .
4	Jessica Packard lifted her head and followed the retreating figure , her eyes resting nearly closed on the unself-conscious rise and fall of the rounded hips .
10	For prevention of ketosis , feed 1 4 pound per head daily for 6 weeks commencing at calving time .
6	He stood up , cocked his head and eyed Gun coldly .
8	Not less than 70 milligrams of Aureomycin per head daily to aid in the prevention of liver abscesses in feed-lot beef cattle .
3	Be sure the head drops backward so that the child looks at the floor rather than toward the ceiling .
8	She held herself that way and turned her head towards them and laughed and winked .
45	Instead , he constantly became lost in parts and components of them , confused some of their details with those of neighboring objects , and so on , unless he allowed time to `` trace '' the object in question through minute movements of the head and hands and in this way to discover its contours .
7	Feed at level of 70 milligrams per head per day .
43	When he was bent over behind the wheel of the station wagon , feeling in his trouser cuffs for the ignition key which he had dropped a moment before , she came out of the house with an enormous Rumanian shawl over her head , which she had bought in that country during one of their trips abroad , and handed him a clean handkerchief through the window .
14	To reduce incidence of liver abscesses , supply 75 milligrams of oxytetracycline activity per head daily .
46	Isaac Pitt , one of the men from Lincoln , had taken a musket ball in his belly ; and though he had found the strength to run with us , now he collapsed and lay on the ground , dying , the Reverend holding his head and wiping his hot brow .
8	The animals thundered away into the moonlight , heading for the ridges .
19	But it did n't matter now whether he meant to invade the Holy of Holies , or was simply headed in that direction by accident .
13	She stood for a moment , rain dripping from the trees over her head , thinking of Maude .
16	`` It was a nice round figure , that 12 '' , he said as he headed for the clubhouse , not too much perturbed .
12	Reversing it , he smashed the butt down on Frederick Seward 's head , over and over again .
6	Once again , he shook his head , kept his face expressionless and his voice very calm , and had a strongly supported alibi ready .
16	For prevention of foamy bloat , feed at a rate of 0.5 to 2 milligrams per head per day in mineral or salt or feed .
31	It was my initiation to war and the insane symphony war plays ; for what had happened on the common was only terror and flight ; but this grinning , broken head , not ten feet away from me , was the sharp definition of what my reality had become .
10	At the rate of 2 - 1 2 milligrams per head per day .
3	`` Hold his head up '' .
4	The clerk wagged his head toward the captain 's office .
3	Felix threw his head back and laughed a laugh that shook the timbers of even that solidly built old house .
26	He bellowed orders and watched the alert response of some of his men and watched , too , the way a dozen or more turned their heads questioningly toward the shackled figure as though for further instruction .
22	Hercules L. Dousman , fur trader and merchant at Prairie du Chien , contracted to supply Selkirk 's people with some 300 head of cattle , and Alexis Bailly and Francois Labothe were hired as drovers .
35	For a moment he thought of going into Crosson 's office to explain that he had to leave , but there was now such a pain in his chest , such a pounding in his head , that he decided to let it go .
22	At the peak of the arch , tip the head back and bend the knees in an effort to touch toes to head .
13	.0044 % Dynafac in a complete ration or 0.3 to 0.4 gram per head per day ( 200 grams of premix per ton complete ration or equivalent .
3	350 milligrams per head per day for 30 days only .
4	0.2 gram Dynafac per head daily ( 1 gram of premix per head daily ) for promoting growth , feed conversion , bloom , and full feed earlier .
27	The senior policy officer may be moved to think hard about a problem by any of an infinite variety of stimuli : an idea in his own head , the suggestions of a colleague , a question from the Secretary or the President , a proposal by another department , a communication from a foreign government or an American ambassador abroad , the filing of an item for the agenda of the United Nations or of any other of dozens of international bodies , a news item read at the breakfast table , a question to the President or the Secretary at a news conference , a speech by a Senator or Congressman , an article in a periodical , a resolution from a national organization , a request for assistance from some private American interests abroad , et cetera , ad infinitum .
32	Undismayed by this contretemps , a small band of the faithful gathered at Lauchli 's home at 6 : 30 A. M. the next day , put on their uniforms , and headed for a farm several miles away .
28	When the fate of the individual is visited on the group , then ( the warm sweet butter dripped from her raised trembling fork and she pushed her head forward belligerently ) , ah , then the true bitterness of existence could be tasted .
14	Include supplement containing 0.4 to 2 milligrams per pound to provide 2 milligrams per head per day .
6	The words ran crazily in his head : Mollie the Mutton is scratching her nose in the rain .
17	Kimmell said he and Ralph were helping children across Belvidere at Kercheval Monday afternoon when a car heading north on Belvidere stopped belatedly inside the pedestrian crosswalk .
8	Then she turned the station wagon around and headed it back down the hill , with the village as her ostensible destination .
13	The pitcher wound up and the ball came in straight for Mike 's head .
3	I bobbed my head each time it appeared .
8	Arlene was so ashamed that she hung her head when she said , `` Yes , sir '' .
9	He lurched drunkenly to his feet , lowered his head , and took one step away from the wall .
11	Improvement can be measured by the lessening distance between toes and head .
12	Rumor had it he slipped two small rocks under each victim 's head as a sort of trademark .
3	He shook his head .
12	0.2 gram Dynafac per head daily ( 1 gram of premix per head daily ) for promoting growth , feed conversion , bloom , and full feed earlier .
8	She lay still on the bed , her head hardly denting the pillow ; sometimes she opened her eyes and looked around , and sometimes she took a little milk or soup .
81	She stood up , smoothing her hair down , straightening her clothes , feeling a thankfulness for the enveloping darkness outside , and , above everything else , for the absence of the need to answer , to respond , to be aware even of Stowey coming in or going out , and yet , now that she was beginning to cook , she glimpsed a future without him , a future alone like this , and the pain made her head writhe , and in a moment she found it hard to wait for Lucretia to come with her guests .
8	But an enemy grenade hit Carroll in the head and detonated simultaneously .
32	Michelangelo found the rabbi in the room of study , a gentle old man with a white beard and luminous grey eyes , robed in black gabardine with a skullcap on his head .
23	Wilson again went downtown to a different banker , an intelligent young white man who seemed rather sympathetic , but he shook his head .
23	In the last of the sixth inning Mike Deegan got up to bat and hit a fast ball over the left fielder 's head .
1	His head cannot contain enough sense to command a regiment , much less a corps .
20	Just because she had a part on the stage in the old country , she thought she could carry her head higher than ours '' .
35	No matter how many Americans go abroad in summer , probably a hundred times as many gas up the family car , throw suitcases , kids and comic books in the back seat , and head for home .
34	At the first restaurant he sensibly pulled up to go in for his dinner , and as a consequence did not see Cobb strike the open range at the mouth of the canyon and head straight across the swells for Antler .
5	Pullen James humbly lowered his head , pushed aside the hardtack box door of the hut , and was gone from sight .
