19	The presumption in the literature would appear to be that the basic wage rate would be unchanged in this case , on the grounds that it is `` clearly '' not in the interest of the industry to raise wages gratuitously .
2	In all cases a disturbing amount of nonspecific staining was still present although it was still distinguishable from specific fluorescence .
2	In all cases , most of the activity lay in the region of high anionic binding capacity .
4	And there was the case of Tom Hepker , a machinist , who was referred by a friend to a health machine quack who treated him with a so-called diagnostic machine for what Doctor Fraud said was a system full of arsenic and strychnine .
2	In all cases the activity against * * f cells was spread over a wider area than that with * * f cells , regardless of the type of test ( saline , albumin , indirect Coombs ) used for comparison .
2	In many cases that statement `` We break even on our downtown operation and make money on our branches '' would be turned around if the cost analysis were recalculated on terms less prejudicial to the old store .
2	In all cases there was readily measurable exchange after as little as one hour of illumination .
19	If adjectival meanings show relatively low retentiveness of stems , as I am confident will prove to be the case in most languages of the world , why should our basic lists include 15 per cent of these unstable forms , but only 8 per cent of animals and plants which replace much more slowly ?
18	Although biopsies have shown structural changes in some of the reported cases of steroid induced weakness , this case provides the only example known to us in which necropsy afforded the opportunity for extensive study of multiple muscle groups .
72	However , readers who accept Freud 's findings and believe that he has solved completely the mystery of dreams , should ponder over the following words in his Interpretation Of Dreams , Chapter 1 , : `` as a matter of fact no such complete solution of the dream has ever been accomplished in any case , and what is more , every one attempting such solution has found that in most cases there have remained a great many components of the dream the source of which he has been unable to explain , nor is the discussion closed on the subject of the mantic or prophetic power of dreams '' .
2	In most cases , these soils are taken up as liquids through capillary action .
38	Thus , if what is at issue is whether `` All S is P '' , it is indifferent whether `` Some S is not P '' or `` No S is P '' , since in either case the judgment in question is false .
99	If anyone asked us , after we made the remark that the suffering was a bad thing , whether we should think it relevant to what we said to learn that the incident had never occurred and no pain had been suffered at all , we should say that it made all the difference in the world , that what we were asserting to be bad was precisely the suffering we thought had occurred back there , that if this had not occurred , there was nothing left to be bad , and that our assertion was in that case mistaken .
7	This can be justified thermodynamically in this case , and this will be done in a separate paper which is being prepared .
2	In all cases studied tissues of the stem on which the tumor had developed did not contain detectable amounts of WTV antigen .
2	In that case , listen to what befell another wisenheimer who tangled with our joss .
2	In both cases the student attends school half-time and works in a regular job the other half .
6	Background spectra were obtained in all cases .
2	In this case , then , the military objective was accomplished with an epidemic agent solely through the results secured in the initial attack .
18	In the notation of the proof of Theorem 12 , let us take a look at the special case in which the minimal polynomial for T is a product of first degree polynomials , i.e. , the case in which each * * f is of the form * * f .
23	Our understanding of the solar system has taught us to replace our former elaborate rituals with the appropriate action which , in this case , amounts to doing nothing .
17	On the positivist theory , everything I sought to express by calling it evil in the first case is still present in the second .
6	Participation for the educator in this case , however , would have to be raised to full and complete membership .
18	Statistically this has represented a loss to the nation , although one must admit that in an individual case the decision in retrospect may have been a wise one .
6	The diagonalizable operator is the special case of this in which * * f for each i .
2	In either case , they do not appreciate the private detective 's zeal .
7	This conformational entropy is , in this case , equal to the usual entropy , for there are no other changes or other energies involved .
76	if a receiver or trustee for any such partnership or corporation , duly appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States , makes an assignment of the claim , or any part thereof , with respect to which an award is made , or makes an assignment of such award , or any part thereof , payment shall be made to the assignee , as his interest may appear ; and in the case of any assignment of an award , or any part thereof , which is made in writing and duly acknowledged and filed , after such award is certified to the Secretary of the Treasury , payment may , in the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury , be made to the assignee , as his interest may appear .
2	In this case also the design of the thermometer can be modified to reduce the helium film flow .
9	The nest itself , the structure that in some cases housed about 2000 individuals when the season was at its peak , is now rapidly destroyed by the scavenging larvae of certain beetles and moths .
33	In the only sense in which badness is involved at all , whatever was bad in the first case is still present in its entirety , since all that is expressed in either case is a state of feeling , and that feeling is still there .
57	For Rachel , conceded to be the prettiest of the Szold girls - and she did make a pretty picture sitting in the grape-arbor strumming her guitar and singing in her silvery tones - there was no particular March counterpart ; but both groups were so closely knit that despite individual differences the family life in both cases was remarkably similar in atmosphere if not entirely in content - the one being definitely Jewish and the other vaguely Christian .
2	In the case of taxpaying corporate stockholders , the measure would be the lesser of the fair market value of the shares or du Pont 's tax basis for them , which is approximately $ 2.09 per share .
19	The one sure way to tell victim and villain apart is to examine the hind legs which in the case of the idler , Psithyrus , lack the pollen baskets - naturally !
4	More typical is the case of a suburban Long Island housewife described by a marriage counselor .
11	The reader will find it helpful to think of the special case when the primes are of degree 1 , and even more particularly , to think of the proof of Theorem 10 , a special case of this theorem .
2	An isolated case of quackery ?
11	And , as Hal found out , obviously mistaken in many cases .
2	In these cases a graduate may enter directly into an apprentice program , saving a year because of his vocational courses in grades 11 and 12 .
28	De Jager ( 1955 ) has calculated the times required for these particles to reach the atmosphere under the influence of the Poynting-Robertson effect , which in this case causes the orbits to become more and more eccentric without changing the semi major axis .
4	Here , for the case of squares inscribed in plane curves , we remove the restriction to convexity and give certain other results .
18	In the only sense in which badness is involved at all , whatever was bad in the first case is still present in its entirety , since all that is expressed in either case is a state of feeling , and that feeling is still there .
2	In most cases the chlorine concentration was about * * f .
1	Some cases in evidence of the use of roleplaying for analysis may help explain the procedure .
39	On the second voyage , he had turned back at the frozen island of Novaya Zemlya and meekly given the crew a certificate stating that he did so of his own free will - which was obviously not the case .
25	If we add to these contacts with friendly members the `` contacts with an organization of the church '' ( 11.2 per cent of the cases ) , then a substantial two thirds of all recruitment is through friendly contact .
41	By comparing reaction cells sealed from the same manifold temperature dependency corresponding to activation energies ranging from 11 to 18 * * f was observed while dependence on the first power of the light intensity seemed to be indicated in most cases .
36	The reader will find it helpful to think of the special case when the primes are of degree 1 , and even more particularly , to think of the proof of Theorem 10 , a special case of this theorem .
5	When , as in this case , the two forms match , the address * * f is saved to represent the occurrence * * f .
3	But in our case - and neither my wife nor I have extreme views on integration , nor are we given to emotional outbursts - the situation has ruined one or two valued friendships and come close to wrecking several more .
2	Take the case of Major Marcus A. Reno , who survived the Battle of The Little Big Horn in 1876 .
1	The case described in this paper is that of an older man who developed disabling muscular weakness while receiving a variety of steroids for a refractory anemia .
8	Are we prepared to say that in that case nothing bad occurred in the sense in which we said it did ?
21	I granted this might be so , but found the result to be even more attention to form than was the case previously .
14	Sets of reaction tubes containing 0.2 of an atmosphere of added oxygen in one case and added moisture in another , both gave reaction rates in the range of 0.1 to 0.4 of the chlorine exchanged per hour .
19	Any reputable French interne can supply you with a dozen similar instances , and I 'll presently recount a case out of my own personal experience , but , for the moment , let 's resume our catalogue .
18	cause on-site inspections to be made of promising projects , domestic and foreign , and , in the case of projects located in the United States , cooperate and participate in their development in instances in which the purposes of this Act will be served thereby ;
35	Let us assume that it would be possible for an enemy to create an aerosol of the causative agent of epidemic typhus ( Rickettsia prowazwki ) over City A and that a large number of cases of typhus fever resulted therefrom .
2	In many cases the revolutionary production has offered no more than sensational effects :
2	In most cases we recognize certain words , persons , animals or objects .
5	It 's inevitable in this case , for the couple will be separated for , at the least , forty years .
6	Tonal morphophonemics , in a common case , can do nothing but either raise or lower the tone .
3	In such a case , any attitude would be as fitting or unfitting as any other , which means that the notion of fitness has lost all point .
31	Observations of the radio emission of a planet which has an extensive atmosphere will probe the atmosphere to a greater extent than those using shorter wave lengths and should in some cases give otherwise unobtainable information about the characteristics of the solid surface .
20	Do n't like to bother no one unless we have to , which I figger we do , in your case .
18	It was only a fifteen minute flight , but before it was through Greg felt himself developing a case of claustrophobia .
7	He appealed to us to bring his case to the attention of the authorities that justice might be done .
15	Technical assistance in training middle - and upper-level management personnel is still needed in many cases .
5	And , in the last case , a bitter disappointment but too often meets the confiding nature '' .
3	Another less ambiguous case read as follows : `` The bearer of this letter has served me for two years to his complete satisfaction .
7	Worse still , in a number of cases it has been claimed that the Psithyrus female kills off the Bombus queen .
17	Such classifications may be called `` somewhat advanced '' or `` somewhat delayed '' , as the case may be , reserving `` moderate '' for dots upon or close to the mean .
32	These conjugates * * f had much less nonspecific staining than the previous conjugate ( with 50 mg FITC per gram of globulin ) while the specific staining was similar in both cases .
37	In the notation of the proof of Theorem 12 , let us take a look at the special case in which the minimal polynomial for T is a product of first degree polynomials , i.e. , the case in which each * * f is of the form * * f .
6	By no means are these isolated cases .
2	In any case but the last , such a course is sure to avenge itself upon the individual ; the moral powers no more than the physical and mental , can bear overstraining .
16	These dosages could have been increased by increasing the source strength which was small in this case .
