7	It was often re-enacted in less wild form at the Wednesday night prayer meeting .
15	I used his polarity to illustrate what I thought had happened to us in that form of liberalism we call Progressivism .
17	Each time a dictionary form matches a text form , the information cell of the matching text form is saved .
5	But for students of musical forms and would-be classifiers , the work presents its problems .
14	This initiates the second step of glossary lookup - connecting the information cell of forms in the text form list to dictionary forms .
4	the list of dictionary forms and the file of information that pertains to these forms .
5	A state , the highest form of human organization in fact and theory , could be subjected to Law only by a manifestation of self-will , or consent .
11	Let us assume that * * f is identical to the form of an occurrence * * f which preceded * * f in the text .
23	Since * * f are linearly independent functions and the exponential function has no zeros , these r functions * * f , form a basis for the space of solutions .
12	Related to written literature , and often remaining temporarily frozen in written form , it loses its vitality when transcribed or removed from its oral existence .
22	This , no doubt , is part of what Gilbert Seldes implies when he says of the arts , `` They give form and meaning to life which might otherwise seem shapeless and without sense '' .
17	I granted this might be so , but found the result to be even more attention to form than was the case previously .
7	A crack corps of 50 pilots was formed from the ranks of volunteers , but the project was halted before the end of the war , and the missiles later fell into Allied hands .
41	In general , friendly contact with a member followed by contact with a clergyman will account for a major share of recruitment by the churches , making it quite evident that the extension of economic integration through co-optation is the principal form of mission in the contemporary church ; economic integration and co-optation are the two methods by which Protestants associate with and recruit from the neighborhood .
6	Let * * f denote the form of * * f .
5	Production assistance often takes the form of locating tools or materials which are urgently needed .
11	Some of the oldest , most persistent , and most cohesive forms of social groupings have grown out of religion .
13	When the Southern States exercised their `` right to secede '' , they formed what they officially styled `` The Confederate States of America '' .
24	The final step merely uses the table of dictionary usage to select the dictionary information that pertains to each form matched in the text form list , and uses the list of information cells recorded in text order to attach the appropriate information to each occurrence in text .
10	The form of galvanic activity is halfway between the magnetic form and the electrical form .
20	The full forms can be derived from such information just prior to the lookup of the form in the text form list .
12	Many of them sincerely believe that the use of liquor in any form or in any degree is intrinsically evil and sinful .
4	Each time a dictionary form matches a text form , the information cell of the matching text form is saved .
11	If each text form is marked when matched with a dictionary form , the text forms not contained in the dictionary can be identified when all dictionary forms have been read .
7	Two very useful ways for modifying a form dictionary are the addition to the dictionary of complete paradigms rather than single forms and the application of a single change to more than one dictionary form .
13	To minimize the chances of repeating the Balafrej debacle the Ibrahim government was formed a titre personnel and a special office was created in the Ministry of the Interior to plan and to conduct the elections .
6	occurrence - an instance of a form in text .
22	Applying the techniques developed at Harvard for generating a paradigm from a representative form and its classification , we can add all forms of a word to the dictionary at once .
18	A location in the computer store is also named for each marked form ; dictionary information about the form stored at this location can be retrieved directly by occurrences of the form in text .
5	His rage assumes a religious form ; that is , on the basis of his own sinfulness and abject wretchedness , Piepsam becomes a prophet who in his ecstasy and in the name of God imprecates doom on Life - not only the cyclist now , but the audience , the world , as well : `` all you light-headed breed '' .
15	The only requirements on dictionary information made by the text lookup operation are that each form represented by the dictionary be available for lookup in the text form list and that information for each form be available in a sequence identical with the sequence of the forms .
4	That is why the form itself becomes a preoccupation , because it exists as a problem separate from the material it accommodates .
3	If each text form is marked when matched with a dictionary form , the text forms not contained in the dictionary can be identified when all dictionary forms have been read .
1	Some forms of capitalism do indeed work - superb organizations , a credit to any society .
15	These two pieces of information for each dictionary form that is matched by a text form constitute the table of dictionary usage .
2	The dictionary form is compared with each of these text forms .
22	This initiates the second step of glossary lookup - connecting the information cell of forms in the text form list to dictionary forms .
1	The form of the industry demand function is one which makes quantity demanded vary inversely with the product price , and vary directly with the level of GNP .
22	The sides of the motor well run from the bottom battens to the top and from frame six to the transom , forming a real strong transom brace .
11	If we look at recent art we find it preoccupied with form .
16	If cell * * f has not previously been assigned as the information cell of a form in the text form list , it is now assigned as the information cell of * * f .
11	Electronics has been applied to medicine for many years in the form of such familiar equipment as the x-ray machine , the electrocardiograph , and the diathermy machine .
40	Examples are in public utilities , making military aircraft and accessories , or where the investment and risk for a proprietorship would be too great for a much needed project impossible to achieve by any means other than the corporate form , e. g. constructing major airports or dams .
12	`` Fellowship by likeness '' and `` mission by friendly contact '' form the iron cage of denominational religion .
14	When the complete file has been read , the grammatic descriptions for all text forms found in the dictionary have been stored in the W-region ; the information cell assigned to each text form contains the address of the grammatic description of the form it represents .
14	- has now been raised in the reader 's mind and in the following form .
17	`` How could the mess be admitted , because it appears to be the very opposite of form and therefore destructive of the very thing that art holds itself to be '' ?
2	If all forms of a paradigm are grouped together within the dictionary , a considerable reduction in the amount of information required is possible .
12	A Bureau de la Demographie ( A. Romaniuk , Director ) was formed under AIMO in the Congo , to work in close rapport with the Section Statistique of the Secretariat General .
9	When , as in this case , the two forms match , the address * * f is saved to represent the occurrence * * f .
3	Although the particular form of conceptualization which popular imagination had made in response to the experience of spirit was undoubtedly defective , the raw experience itself which led to such excesses remains with us as vividly as ever .
19	The foregoing remarks imply that the hypothalamic balance plays a crucial role at the crossroads between physiological and pathological forms of emotion .
34	Two very useful ways for modifying a form dictionary are the addition to the dictionary of complete paradigms rather than single forms and the application of a single change to more than one dictionary form .
39	Hence , when the address * * f is computed from * * f , the cell * * f and all Y-cells in its chain must be inspected to determine whether * * f is already in the form list or whether it should be added to the form list and the chain .
14	The dictionary is a form dictionary , at least in the sense that complete forms are used as the basis for matching text occurrences with dictionary entries .
14	With U. S. Coast Guard cooperation , the American Boat and Yacht Council was formed to develop recommended practices and standards for boats and their equipment with reference to safety .
27	Or , what amounts to the same thing , if one die is tossed three times , each toss is a trial , and the three tosses form the experiment .
7	Thus , when more than one distinct form leads to a particular cell in the X-region , a chain of information cells must be created to accommodate the forms , one cell in the chain for each form .
11	The latter is useful for modifying information about some or all forms of a word , hence reducing the work required to improve dictionary contents .
36	If * * f was assigned as the information cell for * * f , the routine can detect that * * f is identical to * * f by comparing * * f with the form stored at location * * f .
6	( Here an entry is a form plus the information that pertains to it . )
8	The first is compiling a list of text forms , assigning an information cell to each , and replacing text occurrences with the information cell assigned to the form of each occurrence .
15	All such imitations of negative quality have given rise to a compensatory response in the form of a heroic and highly individualistic humanism : if man can neither know nor love reality as it is , he can at least invent an artistic `` reality '' which is its own world and which can speak to man of purely personal and subjective qualities capable of being known and worthy of being loved .
9	Everywhere else his ideas lay or hung in visible form : his models , drawings , ten foot canvases in monochromes from his painting days , and underfoot a windfall of broken-backed books that looked as though their insides had been ransacked by a maniac .
18	There still remained the need for one great film artist to explore the full potential of the new form and to make it an art .
14	Each information cell in the chain contains the address of the Y-cell where the form to which it is assigned is stored .
8	The backbend is of extreme importance to any form of free gymnastics , and , as with all acrobatics , the sooner begun the better the results .
9	It realized that to admit them was to jeopardize form .
19	The final step merely uses the table of dictionary usage to select the dictionary information that pertains to each form matched in the text form list , and uses the list of information cells recorded in text order to attach the appropriate information to each occurrence in text .
12	Each form represented by the dictionary is looked up in the text form list .
13	Thus f satisfies * * f if and only if f has the form * * f .
8	The corporation in America is in reality our form of socialism , vying in a sense with the other socialistic form that has emerged within governmental bureaucracy .
7	That is why the United Nations was formed so that intelligent men with good intentions from all countries could meet and solve problems without resorting to war .
27	For this step the computer memory is separated into three regions : cells in the W region are used for storage of the forms in the text form list ; cells in the X-region and Y region are reserved as information cells for text forms .
15	Related to , but distinguishable from , nationalism was the growth of democracy in one form or another .
2	The farmlands forming the heart of America stretch out across the Midwest from Chicago .
22	`` We the people of the Confederate States , each state acting in its sovereign and independent character , in order to form a permanent federal government , establish justice , insure domestic tranquility , and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity - invoking the favor and the guidance of Almighty God - do ordain and establish this Constitution for the Confederate States of America '' .
5	Naturally this includes all communication forms , e. g. languages , or any social , political , economic or religious structures employed for such control .
21	The affixed elements of collage were extruded , as it were , and cut off from the literal pictorial surface to form a bas-relief .
16	The full forms can be derived from such information just prior to the lookup of the form in the text form list .
1	Dictionary forms found to match forms in the text list are marked .
8	The formula for computing random addresses from the form of each occurrence will not give a distinct address for each distinct form .
13	It only means that there will be new form , and that this form will be of such a type that it admits the chaos and does not try to say that the chaos is really something else .
3	To find a form that accommodates the mess , that is the task of the artist now '' .
47	It is to say rather , I believe , that he has brought to bear on the history , the traditions , and the lore of his region a critical , skeptical mind - the same mind which has made of him an inveterate experimenter in literary form and technique .
5	Such study may take many forms .
33	When the complete file has been read , the grammatic descriptions for all text forms found in the dictionary have been stored in the W-region ; the information cell assigned to each text form contains the address of the grammatic description of the form it represents .
30	The legislative mills have been grinding ever since , and when its cumbersome processes were no longer adequate to the task , a limited legislative authority was delegated in one form or another , to the executive .
1	Each form represented by the dictionary is looked up in the text form list .
13	An extension of the principle would permit entering a grammatic description of each form .
8	Each time a dictionary form matches a text form , the information cell of the matching text form is saved .
20	These are traversed by another line of vaults , and thus rooms , arched on all four sides , are formed .
24	In response , the industry allowed the discovery of the motion picture as a form of fiction and thus gave the movies the essential form they have had to this day .
44	For this step the computer memory is separated into three regions : cells in the W region are used for storage of the forms in the text form list ; cells in the X-region and Y region are reserved as information cells for text forms .
30	Nor is it necessary to look for such evidence in the great urban centers of our culture that are admittedly almost entirely secularized and so profoundly estranged from the conventional forms in which the gospel has been communicated .
21	The formula for computing random addresses from the form of each occurrence will not give a distinct address for each distinct form .
47	In the notation of the proof of Theorem 12 , let us take a look at the special case in which the minimal polynomial for T is a product of first degree polynomials , i.e. , the case in which each * * f is of the form * * f .
12	This understanding , of course , may in its turn take many forms and some of these - especially those most interesting to the student of comparative literature - are essentially historical .
7	Similarly , if the equivalents for the forms of a word do not vary , the equivalents need be entered only once with an indication that they apply to each form .
8	It only means that there will be new form , and that this form will be of such a type that it admits the chaos and does not try to say that the chaos is really something else .
14	Then he began to speak about the tension in art between the mess and form .
13	Applying the techniques developed at Harvard for generating a paradigm from a representative form and its classification , we can add all forms of a word to the dictionary at once .
4	Of all the possible forms of nonverbal expression , that which seems best to give release , and communicational expression , to complex and undifferentiated feelings is laughter .
14	In response , the industry allowed the discovery of the motion picture as a form of fiction and thus gave the movies the essential form they have had to this day .
12	A location in the computer store is also named for each marked form ; dictionary information about the form stored at this location can be retrieved directly by occurrences of the form in text .
39	If adjectival meanings show relatively low retentiveness of stems , as I am confident will prove to be the case in most languages of the world , why should our basic lists include 15 per cent of these unstable forms , but only 8 per cent of animals and plants which replace much more slowly ?
12	The religious symbolism , and especially the closely related rites and worship forms , constitute a powerful bond for the members of the particular faith .
33	In late 1957 the M.P. ( Mouvement Populaire ) appeared and in the spring of 1958 the internal strains of the Istiqlal was revealed when the third Council of Government under Balafrej was formed without support from progressive elements in the party .
12	If the content of faith is to be presented today in a form that can be `` understanded of the people '' - and this , it must not be forgotten , is one of the goals of the perennial theological task - there is no other choice but to abandon completely a mythological manner of representation .
28	Thus , when more than one distinct form leads to a particular cell in the X-region , a chain of information cells must be created to accommodate the forms , one cell in the chain for each form .
10	The dictionary form is compared with each of these text forms .
16	Text reading is terminated when a pre-determined number of forms have been stored in the text form list .
12	Anticipating delivery of medicines and yeast by plane , Granite City citizens formed an airfield committee and with the aid of quarrymen and the 172 nd Infantry , Vermont National Guard , laid out runways on Wilson flat , high on Millstone Hill .
0	form - any unique sequence of alphabetic characters that can appear in a language preceded and followed by a space .
34	The only requirements on dictionary information made by the text lookup operation are that each form represented by the dictionary be available for lookup in the text form list and that information for each form be available in a sequence identical with the sequence of the forms .
18	This initiates the second step of glossary lookup - connecting the information cell of forms in the text form list to dictionary forms .
29	If this aspect of death as punishment is not distinguished from the idea of death as natural termination , the conclusion seems inevitable that temporal existence itself is a form of punishment rather than the state into which man is put by the will of the Creator .
49	Hence , when the address * * f is computed from * * f , the cell * * f and all Y-cells in its chain must be inspected to determine whether * * f is already in the form list or whether it should be added to the form list and the chain .
43	When the complete file has been read , the grammatic descriptions for all text forms found in the dictionary have been stored in the W-region ; the information cell assigned to each text form contains the address of the grammatic description of the form it represents .
2	He had formed his own task force of three stragglers and led them up the hill in a Fighting Seventh charge .
30	Similarly , if the equivalents for the forms of a word do not vary , the equivalents need be entered only once with an indication that they apply to each form .
11	Turkish political leaders bowed today to military pressure and agreed to form an emergency national front government with Gen. Cemal Gursel as president .
37	Thus , when more than one distinct form leads to a particular cell in the X-region , a chain of information cells must be created to accommodate the forms , one cell in the chain for each form .
16	The mimetic character of the imaginative consciousness tends to express itself in the presentation of artistic forms and materials .
27	The only requirements on dictionary information made by the text lookup operation are that each form represented by the dictionary be available for lookup in the text form list and that information for each form be available in a sequence identical with the sequence of the forms .
1	They form effective fallout shelters when mounded over with earth , as shown in figure 10 .
38	Whitehead contends that the human way of understanding existence as a unity of interlocking and interdependent processes which constitute each other and which cause each other to be and not to be is possible only because the basic form of such an understanding , for all its vagueness and tendency to mistake the detail , is initially given in the way man feels the world .
14	The form of galvanic activity is halfway between the magnetic form and the electrical form .
10	A random storage scheme , based on the spelling of forms , provides an economical way to compile this text form list .
9	Each dictionary form is looked up in the text form list by the same method used to look up a new text occurrence in the form list during text reading .
5	The grammatic descriptions of all forms in the dictionary are recorded in a separate part of the dictionary file .
12	`` we the People of the United States , in order to form a more perfect Union , establish Justice , insure domestic Tranquility , provide for the common Defence , promote the general Welfare , and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity , do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America '' .
15	If each text form is marked when matched with a dictionary form , the text forms not contained in the dictionary can be identified when all dictionary forms have been read .
37	If cell * * f is an information cell , it and any information cells in the Y-region that have been linked to * * f each contain an address in the W-region where a potentially matching form is stored .
15	Liberals and conservatives in both parties - Democratic and Republican - should divorce themselves and form two independent parties , George H. Reama , nationally known labor-management expert , said here yesterday .
17	They were stressed in the speeches of Si Mubarak Bekkai when the first Council of Ministers was formed and again when the Istiqlal took a leading role in the second Council .
4	Quite often , honeybees form a majority on the willow catkins .
20	The beliefs of a religion also reflecting the values are expressed in creeds , dogmas , and doctrines , and form what Durkheim calls a credo .
7	Her eyebrows were definite and heavy and formed two lines moving upward toward a high forehead and a great head of brown hair that fell to her shoulders .
47	At the same time the multiple transvestitism involved - the fat man as girl and as baby , as coquette pretending to be a baby - touches for a moment horrifyingly upon the secret sources of a life like Jacoby 's , upon the sinister dreams which form the sources of any human life .
30	Neither was Henrietta hoydenish like Jo , who frankly wished she were a boy and had deliberately shortened her name , which , like Henrietta 's , was the feminine form of a boy 's name .
2	a suffering form , an existence wholly comprised in the awareness of death .
4	The list of text forms in the W-region of memory and the contents of the information cells in the X and Y-regions are no longer required .
3	In order to form a new government it must deal with one of the two rival parties which gained strength .
28	The first is compiling a list of text forms , assigning an information cell to each , and replacing text occurrences with the information cell assigned to the form of each occurrence .
21	Two very useful ways for modifying a form dictionary are the addition to the dictionary of complete paradigms rather than single forms and the application of a single change to more than one dictionary form .
9	Bare feet are better for such work than any form of slipper .
25	The mechanism of action of these drugs has not been completely worked out , but certain of them appear to act by reducing the oxidised form of iodine before it can iodinate thyroglobulin ( Astwood , 1954 ) .
18	The Junior Achievement program is designed to give teenagers practical experience in business by allowing them actually to form small companies , under the guidance and sponsorship of business firms .
25	- The deterrent power of our Armed Forces comes from both their nuclear retaliatory capability and their capability to conduct other essential operations in any form of war .
1	It forms the core of many , perhaps most , problems of psychotherapy .
3	Although the theological forms of the past continue to exist in a way they do not in a more secularized situation , the striking thing is the rapidity with which they are being reduced to a marginal existence .
25	The United States can help by communicating a genuine concern with the problems these countries face and a readiness to provide technical and other appropriate forms of assistance where possible .
25	The simple , naked idea of one man chasing another is of its nature better fitted for the film than it is for any other form of fiction .
30	More than creatures of metropolitan forces , the churches have taken the lead in counteracting the interdependence of metropolitan life , crystallizing and perpetuating the stratification of peoples , giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples .
14	`` As to the necessity '' , the committee declared , `` for some form of effective control of the size of the family and the spacing of children , and consequently of control of conception , there can be no question .
23	It has come to mean myths , legends , tales , songs , proverbs , riddles , superstitions , rhymes and such literary forms of expression .
19	I would propose , next , as the prime requirement for constitution of new basic lists , items whose forms show as high an empirical retention rate as possible .
5	When these groups were first formed many prominent and accomplished decorators could not have had the advantage of school training since interior design courses were rare and undeveloped during their youth .
13	Anyone who tried to remedy some of the most glaring defects in our form of democracy was denounced as a traitorous red whose real purpose was the destruction of our government .
49	He again stated that he was `` a regular minister '' ; that he was `` devoting an average of 100 hours a month to actual preaching publicly '' , in addition to 50 to 75 hours in other ministerial duties , and that he opposed war in any form .
8	A year ago the Negro Radio Association was formed to spur research which the 30 - odd member stations are sure will bring in more business .
2	Each dictionary form is looked up in the text form list by the same method used to look up a new text occurrence in the form list during text reading .
10	And then the Amen corner took hold , re-enacting a form of group participation in worship that stemmed from years before the Greek chorus , spreading down through the African forest , overseas to the West Indies , and then here in Alabama .
6	Together they also developed a new form of voltaic cell in which the wooden trough was replaced by one of copper , thereby producing stronger currents .
33	As he left the bandstand to return to his office , the slender , sun-tanned Chief Executive paused along the way to shake hands with the members of the audience in wheel chairs forming the first row under the field tent set up for the guests .
41	In the absence of a truly adequate conceptuality in which the gospel can be expressed , the unavoidable need to demythologize it makes use of whatever resources are at hand - and this usually means one or another of the various forms of `` folk religion '' current in the situation .
31	Then in 2 we show that any line involution with the properties that ( a ) It has no complex of invariant lines , and ( b ) Its singular lines form a complex consisting exclusively of the lines which meet a twisted curve , is necessarily of the type discussed in 1 .
5	That Prokofieff 's harmonies and forms sometimes seem professionally routine to our ears , may or may not indicate that he was less of an `` original '' than we prefer to believe .
1	The form itself is stored in the next available cells of the W-region , beginning in cell * * f .
29	And if I have gone into so much detail about so small a work , that is because it is also so typical a work , representing the germinal form of a conflict which remains essential in Mann 's writing :
9	The order is identical to the ordering of the forms they describe .
11	His files , desk , drafting board and a high stool formed the only clean island in the chaos .
4	The dictionary is a form dictionary , at least in the sense that complete forms are used as the basis for matching text occurrences with dictionary entries .
22	Or , equally often , a concretistic seeming , particularistic seeming statement may consist , with its mundane exterior , in a form of poetry - may be full of meaning and emotion when interpreted as a figurative expression : a metaphor , a simile , an allegory , or some other symbolic mode of speaking .
34	I was at least conscious of the distinction in my full Yokuts presentation that awaits publication , in which , in listing ' Two Stem Meanings ' , I set off by asterisks those forms in which n of stem B was * * f of stem A 3 , the unasterisked ones standing for * * f ; or under ' Four Stems ' , I set off by asterisks cases where the combined n of stems * * f was * * f .
3	A posse is formed and pursues the robbers , who , having made their escape , are whooping it up with some wild , wild women in a honky-tonk hide-out .
31	A location in the computer store is also named for each marked form ; dictionary information about the form stored at this location can be retrieved directly by occurrences of the form in text .
36	Party leaders came out of the final meeting apparently satisfied and stated that complete agreement had been reached on a solution to the crisis created by the elections which left no party with enough strength to form a government on its own .
1	The form and the chaos remain separate .
22	In this novel arrangement the `` pill '' is much smaller and contains only a resonant circuit in which the capacitor is formed by a pressure sensing transducer .
33	When an occurrence * * f is isolated during text reading , a random memory address * * f , the address of a cell in the X-region , is computed from the form of * * f .
19	People who take us for suckers are like the Westerner who had on exhibit his superior marksmanship in the form of a number of bull's-eye achievements .
23	For this step the computer memory is separated into three regions : cells in the W region are used for storage of the forms in the text form list ; cells in the X-region and Y region are reserved as information cells for text forms .
16	Expressed differently : if the price for becoming a faithful follower of Jesus Christ is some form of self-destruction , whether of the body or of the mind - sacrificium corporis , sacrificium intellectus - then there is no alternative but that the price remain unpaid .
35	Despite the sheer beauty and spectacle of numerous documentaries , art films , and travelogues , despite the impressive financial success of such a recent development as Cinerama , the movies are at heart a form of fiction , like the play , the novel , or the short story .
6	He merely became victimized by a form of athletics that respects no one and aggravates all .
11	But while the corporation has all the disadvantages of the socialist form of organization ( so cumbersome it cannot constructively do much of anything not compatible with its need to perpetuate itself and maintain its status quo ) , unluckily it does not have the desirable aspect of socialism , the motivation to operate for the benefit of society as a whole .
16	There would be no conceivable sense in going to the opposite extreme of selecting items whose forms are the most unstable .
20	The first eight of these eighteen statements , which received at least one-half of the votes , were duplicated to form an analysis checklist for the particular manager , and when this particular manager roleplayed in other situations , the members checked any items that appeared .
28	The results of the study , based on collision integrals computed from the latest critically evaluated data on intermolecular forces in air , will be reported in the form of a table of viscosity , thermal conductivity , thermal diffusion , and diffusion coefficients at temperatures of 1000 to 10000 * * f and of logarithm of pressure in atmospheres from * * f to * * f times normal density .
52	Long observation has taught Mason that most landscape can be reduced to three essential planes : a foreground in sharp focus - either a light area with dark accents or a dark one with lights ; a middle distance often containing the major motif ; and a background , usually a silhouetted form foiled against the sky .
15	Thus , one can think of a dictionary entry as a word rather than a form .
3	The corporation was formed by the Reynolds Metal Co. and the Samuel A. and Henry A. Berger firm , a Philadelphia builder , for work in the project .
7	Even more complex and obviously cortically induced forms of emotional arousal could be elicited in monkey A on seeing monkey B ( but not a rabbit ) in emotional stress .
29	Thus , the study of the solutions to the equation * * f is reduced to the study of the space of solutions of a differential equation of the form * * f .
