11	The doctor , with the air of a man whose professional interests have found scope , drew Alex 's attention to those excellences which might otherwise have escaped him : the fine color in comb and wattles , the length and quality of neck and saddle hackles , the firm , wide spread of the toes , and a rare justness in the formation of the ear lappets .
12	Personal financial assistance would enable more emphasis to be placed on the interests of the individual .
33	In the light of the facts at hand , however , New York Central intends to pursue the objective of helping to create a healthy two system eastern railroad structure in the public interest `` .
13	The first pretrial conference - held to appoint amici curiae to represent the interest of the stockholders of du Pont and General Motors and to consider the procedure to be followed in the subsequent hearings - took place on September 25 , 1957 .
3	Somewhat uneven in interest for an average reader , eight or ten of these are among the finest of their kind in literature .
58	By the time Felix turned up it was early afternoon , which , one would think , would be late enough so that by then , except for small children and a few hardy souls who had not yet sobered up , it could have been expected that people would no longer be having any sort of active interest in the previous night 's noisemakers and paper hats .
4	There was so much interest shown in this present-day venture that it was continued on B.B.C. , where comments were equally made by an Anglican parson , a Free Church minister and a Catholic priest .
9	A body of water is usually the center of interest at parks which attract the greatest picnic and camping use .
13	They ate the cafeteria food with its orange sauces and Scotty gazed without interest at his food , the teachers , the heroic baronial windows , and the bright ranks of college banners .
43	Both these youths , who greatly admired Henrietta , were somewhat younger than she , as were also the neighboring Friedenwald boys , who were then studying medicine ; and bright though they all were , they could not possibly compete for her interest with Papa , whose mind - although he never tried to dazzle or patronize lesser lights with it - naturally eclipsed theirs and made them seem to her even younger than they were .
34	It is doubtful that Utopia is still widely read because More was medieval or even because he was a martyr - indeed , it is likely that these days many who read Utopia with interest do not even know that its author was a martyr .
49	The sole guidance given the Court for discharging the task committed to it was this : `` The judgment must therefore be reversed and the cause remanded to the District Court for a determination , after further hearing , of the equitable relief necessary and appropriate in the public interest to eliminate the effects of the acquisition offensive to the statute .
16	The fish , animals , and birds which may be found at the site are another interest .
1	Water interest is one of the most valuable factors you can find for a recreation site .
19	The industry of this model is so important that its wage and price policies are affected with a public interest .
30	Homozygous and heterozygous * * f cells , * * f and homozygous and heterozygous * * f cells were used to test each sample ; however , in the interest of clarity and conciseness only the results obtained with homozygous * * f and homozygous * * f cells will be presented here .
2	With enormous interest , Adam watched his hands as they touched and shifted the objects on the board directly before him .
33	The presumption in the literature would appear to be that the basic wage rate would be unchanged in this case , on the grounds that it is `` clearly '' not in the interest of the industry to raise wages gratuitously .
10	Check the quantity and quality of all of the recreation interests already existing at the site .
18	Indeed , a tremendously destructive tsunami that arose in the Arabian Sea in 1945 has even revived the interest of geologists and archaeologists in the Biblical story of the Flood .
12	Its contents are another matter , for they reveal the kinds of interests pursued by the congregation .
1	Fishing interest calls for a check of the species found , quantity and size , the season they are available , and the stocking program of the fish commission .
4	We served our national interests , and by so doing we saved the Guatemalan people the ultimate in human misery .
20	At 12 , Hans was sufficiently mature to help his father in the apothecary shop , which helped stimulate his interest in medicine and science .
37	The grand jury commented on a number of other topics , among them the Atlanta and Fulton County purchasing departments which it said `` are well operated and follow generally accepted practices which inure to the best interest of both governments '' .
10	Some recreation features , such as scenic values and water interest , also have greater overall value than other interests .
4	In general , religious interest seems to exist in all parts of the metropolis ; congregational membership , however , is another thing .
39	One part of her audience was totally engaged , the connoisseur witnessing a peculiarly fine performance of some ancient classic , the other part , the guest of the connoisseur , attentive as one who must take an intelligent interest in that which he does not fully understand .
19	Some recreation features , such as scenic values and water interest , also have greater overall value than other interests .
18	There was the Polish Revolution which we misunderstood and then helped guide along a course favorable to Soviet interests .
18	Although Rhode Islanders were preparing for the state elections , they watched John Brown 's trial with extreme interest .
26	They are written by specialists in numerous types of business enterprises , cover a wide range of subjects , and are directed to the needs and interests of the small firm .
4	He felt a spectator interest .
10	He did not really listen to others , had little interest in their ideas , and wanted to have his own way - which was the only right way .
9	Whether or not it is in the industry 's interest to allow the basic wage rate to rise obviously depends upon the extent to which the public limit price rises in response to a basic wage increase , and the relation of this response to the increase in costs accompanying the wage increase .
34	It is also the concern of the Department of State that our trading relationships with the rest of the world are vigorous , profitable , and active - this is not just a passing interest or a matter of concern only to the Department of Commerce .
10	I leave out of account the question of the best interests of the children , the question of what their best interests really are .
40	However , it determined that neither this factor , nor `` the fact that all concerned in high executive posts in both companies acted honorably and fairly , each in the honest conviction that his actions were in the best interests of his own company and without any design to overreach anyone , including du Pont 's competitors '' , 353 U. S. , at 607 , outweighed the Government 's claim for relief .
14	No one will deny that such broad developments and transitions are of great intrinsic interest and the study of ideas in literature would be woefully incomplete without frequent reference to them .
35	Life is further characterized , in antithesis to Piepsam , as animal : the image of a dog , which appears at several places , is first given as the criterion of amiable , irrelevant interest aroused by life considered simply as a spectacle : a dog in a wagon is `` admirable '' , `` a pleasure to contemplate '' ; another wagon has no dog , and therefore is `` devoid of interest '' .
10	This is simple enough , but several more points of interest may be mentioned as relevant .
8	Look at the trees as to size and interest , the amount of shade they provide , how healthy they are , the problems of maintenance , fire hazards , wind throw , etcetera .
4	Note extent of these interests and how available they will be for the public to enjoy .
44	Indeed , as already noted , the Court proceeded on the assumption that the executives involved in the dealings between du Pont and General Motors acted `` honorably and fairly '' and exercised their business judgment only to serve what they deemed the best interests of their own companies .
13	After a moment of thought , her mind cleared and , in the interest of clarity , she typed into the record : `` Shot in the woods '' .
22	She was going to keep on scheming , poking , prodding , suggesting , and dictating until the cops got up enough interest in him to go back to their old neighborhood and ask questions .
74	Life is further characterized , in antithesis to Piepsam , as animal : the image of a dog , which appears at several places , is first given as the criterion of amiable , irrelevant interest aroused by life considered simply as a spectacle : a dog in a wagon is `` admirable '' , `` a pleasure to contemplate '' ; another wagon has no dog , and therefore is `` devoid of interest '' .
9	A few of his examples are of very great interest , and the whole discussion of some importance for theory .
10	A site which overlooks a harbor or river may offer interest in the activities of boating traffic .
7	Other innovations with better claims to musical interest survived rehearing to acquire in time the status of classics .
25	This gives you a better opportunity to get the feel of the climate conditions , the exposure to the sun and wind , the water interests , etcetera , which vary greatly with the seasons .
7	His lack of success steadily eroded his interest .
27	When the Half Moon put in at Dartmouth , England , in the fall of 1609 , word of Hudson 's findings leaked out , and English interest in him revived .
21	International law had to fit the conditions of Europe , and nothing that could not fit this system , or the interests of the great European nations collectively , could possibly emerge as law in any meaningful sense .
6	- In addition to its recreation interests , water is needed for drinking , sanitation , and irrigation .
14	It 's not too much to assume that you will have a more lasting interest in paper hats than will Mr. Average Citizen .
8	Other natural features which can be of high interest are the forests , canyons , mountains , deserts , seacoast , beaches , sand dunes , waterfalls , springs , etcetera with which the area is blessed .
47	It purported to be a reasonably serious attempt at a treatment of jazz musicians , their aims , their problems - the tug-of-war between the `` pure '' and the `` commercial '' - and seemed a promising vehicle , for the two men shared a common interest in jazz .
13	This was delivered in a forthright way , without coyness and over pretended interest - an admirable way with children .
20	Political interference in Africa and Asia and even in Latin America ( though limited in Latin America by the special interest of the United States as expressed in the Monroe Doctrine , itself from the outset related to European politics and long dependent upon the `` balance of power '' system in Europe ) was necessary in order to preserve both common economic values and the European `` balance '' itself .
5	Proposed property sales of general interest to small business concerns are publicized through SBA regional news releases , and by `` flyers '' directed to the small business concerns .
10	The historical sign tells its story , but nothing gets interest across as well as some of the original historical items or places themselves which still have the character of the period covered .
34	The fullest cooperation by and with Atomic Energy Commission , the Department of Health Education and Welfare , the Department of State , and other concerned agencies shall also be carried out in the interest of achieving the objectives of this Act .
17	And the evidence that he does , indeed , stand there derives quite simply from the vigorous interest with which rather casual readers have responded to that book for the past century or so .
33	An old shipwreck , a high dam , an old covered bridge , a place to find agates or other semi-precious stones or a place to pan gold , etcetera may be of interest .
10	Clams , crabs , and other marine life may add interest at coastal areas .
7	Its pretense to operate in the public interest is little more than a sham .
72	All research within the United States contracted for , sponsored , cosponsored , or authorized under authority of this Act , shall be provided for in such manner that all information , uses , products , processes , patents , and other developments resulting from such research developed by Government expenditure will ( with such exceptions and limitations , if any , as the Secretary may find to be necessary in the interest of national defense ) be available to the general public .
16	Signora Ferraro , bobbing her head encouragingly , asked Sam about Canada , having a special interest .
27	Vocational training which holds no hope that the skill developed will be in fact a marketable skill becomes just another school `` chore '' for those whose interest in their studies has begun to falter .
12	A program of financial assistance would permit placing emphasis on the national interest in training highly skilled labor .
3	She showed no interest at all in the life he had led back home , and it hurt him a little .
16	Those which tell a story of the earth 's formation in each area can add geological interest to the recreation sites .
19	However , in their junior and senior years , they generally forego their athletic pursuits , presumably in the interest of better academic achievement .
13	My wish to meet Samuel Beckett had been prompted by simple curiosity and interest in his work .
17	Adult education courses , work-study programs of various sorts - these are all evidence of a continuing interest of the schools in furthering educational opportunities for out-of-school youth .
20	Hence government must establish greater controls upon corporations so that their activities promote what is deemed essential to the national interest .
14	Which will serve not only the best interest of the stockholders , but the interests of all the traveling public ?
5	Feelings of a community of interest will have to be recreated - in some of the new nations , indeed , they must be built for the first time - on a new basis which looks toward the future and does not rely only on shared memories of the past .
2	The artistic interest , then , lies in what the encounter may be made to represent , in the power of some central significance to draw the details into relevance and meaningfulness .
49	**f appeared to be well suited for the study of these matters , since it is a normal paramagnet , with three unpaired electrons on the chromium , its crystal structure is very simple , and the unknown position of the hydrogen in the strong **f bond provides structural interest .
3	Manchester 's unusual interest in telegraphy has often been attributed to the fact that the Rev. J. D. Wickham , headmaster of Burr and Burton Seminary , was a personal friend and correspondent of the inventor , Samuel F. B. Morse .
14	Scotty regarded the ear and the grizzled hair around it with a moment of interest .
25	For expository purposes , this is best treated as a model which spells out the conditions under which an important industry affected with the public interest would find it profitable to raise wages even in the absence of union pressures for higher wages .
2	His broad interest in literary , political , and philosophical movements opened many doors to him .
19	Although the site may not contain the features themselves , there are often opportunities to include them as additional interest to the site .
15	General Motors comprehensively contended that the Government plan would not be `` in the public interest '' as required by the mandate of this Court .
