17	Then Dick Hyde , submarine ball hurler , entered the contest and only five batters needed to face him before there existed a 3 - to 3 deadlock .
7	Fourteen years is the maximum penalty now faced by the new five , who may have altered history in the 1960 s .
3	I could n't face Thelma after that night .
18	He found tepid water in a pitcher and a last bit of soap , and he lathered his face and stood stropping the razor on his broad leather belt , its buckle held firm by a knob of the bedpost .
21	The nightmare of a clash between those in trouble in Africa , exacerbated by the difficulties , changes , and tragedies facing them , and other allies who intellectually and emotionally disapprove of the circumstances that have brought these troubles about , has been conspicious by its absence .
4	He had his own face , dark and beautiful .
15	But today many of those men are reaching retirement age and suddenly realizing that they face an estate tax problem with their closely held companies and also that they have no second-echelon management in their firms .
21	Our central goal should be to provide the greatest positive incentive for these societies to tackle boldly the tasks which they face .
26	Miss Pulova has a voice that Maria Callas once described as `` like chipping teeth with a screw driver '' , and her round , opalescent face becomes fascinatingly reflective of the emotions demanded by the role of Rosalie .
13	In the middle of the party Chandler looked up to see four smiling faces bearing down upon him , each beaming above the biggest , greenest shamrock he had ever seen .
20	He had to cough then ; he went to the window and choked there with the fresh breeze on his face .
9	The infant , in white terry-cloth bathrobe , her face intense and purposeful , had essayed a few wobbly steps toward her father .
1	His face was ruddy and heavy and unlined , and when he laughed he showed his teeth , which were big and white and strong and unquestionably home-grown .
10	The policeman got a confused , funny look on his face , and he had answered kind of politely , `` Now , look here , lady : I know you got to entertain these kids and all .
3	He knew the faces of all , hairy or shaven , old or young , fat or thin , suffering or hardened , sad or gay , good or bad .
18	He came into the bag with his body and Mike Deegan brought the ball down full in his face .
2	The gray face stared straight ahead in the drizzle .
10	Once again , he shook his head , kept his face expressionless and his voice very calm , and had a strongly supported alibi ready .
1	Oval face without an expression in the world .
32	Piepsam calls the cyclist `` cur '' and `` puppy '' among other things , and at the crisis of his fit a little fox-terrier stands before him and howls into his face .
11	`` A learned man '' ? the bandit laughs in his face .
10	Later , she apologized for the long scratch across his face , tried to explain she could n't help herself , that the panic arose in her unwanted .
2	It was faced immediately with a showdown on the schools , an issue which was met squarely in conjunction with the governor with a decision not to risk abandoning public education .
15	The speaker suggested that the desolation of a post-attack world would be too awful to face .
8	`` No , I never did see his face .
22	Setting a course straight for the house , he was covering ground fast when an angry bee buzzed past close to his face .
5	He looked at the lined face with vague interest ; he felt he was noting it , as if it were something he might think about when he grew stronger .
75	When that fear has been removed by faith in Jesus Christ , when we know that He is our Savior , that He has paid our debt with His blood , that He has met the demands of God 's justice and thus has turned His wrath away - when we know that , we have peace with God in our hearts ; and then , with this God on our side , we can face the whole world without fear .
4	William Styron , while facing the changing economy with a certain uneasy reluctance , insists he is not to be classified as a Southern writer and yet includes traditional Southern concepts in everything he publishes .
12	`` Is it because of my slovenliness that hair grows on my face ?
9	On the contrary , he was pleased that his face showed a neglect of several days .
25	The wife of convicted bank robber Lawrence G. Huntley was arrested in Phoenix , Ariz. , last week and will be returned to Portland to face charges of assault and robbery , Portland detectives said Friday .
24	It hung in all her day clothes , sweet and strong ; sometimes when he was pressing , Winston raised her dresses to his face .
10	As he pushed open the door he fell on his face , one of his comrades pulling him inside .
1	His face was flushed .
13	Is his a literature of defeat , irrelevant to the social crises we face ?
4	The single union which faces the industry does not restrict its membership , and there is an adequate supply of labor available to the firms of the industry at the going wage rate .
9	On all sides doors were being slammed in his face .
23	She showed her surprise by tightening the reins and moving the gelding around so that she could get a better look at his face .
18	He removed his hat to let the trapped sweat cut rivulets through the dust film upon his gaunt face .
15	The civil services in such societies are generally inadequate to deal competently with the problems facing them ; and their members often equate a government career with security and status rather than with sacrifice , self-discipline , and competence .
24	Every man who dabbles in the market to make a little easy money on the side and suffers losses could at the time hardly face his wife who was wondering how her husband could be so dumb .
24	West Virginia toll bonds have defaulted in interest for months , and , despite recent improvement in revenues , holders of the bonds are faced with more of the same .
6	John stood above him , his face ashen .
23	The first rattle of the machine guns , at 7 : 10 in the evening , roused around me the varied voices and faces of fear .
28	Occasionally if I pushed him too far he 'd give me a look out of narrowed eyes and the hard cruel bony skull would show through that smooth face of his .
20	I tried to do so by calling to their attention some of the problems that a senior departmental policy officer faces .
9	But she was caught in it , and she faced the terrible possibility that , if it were a dream , it was one from which she might never awaken .
4	The problem must be faced squarely .
18	With the development of the Red Bridge Subdivision south of Kansas City , Missouri , the developer was faced with the problem of providing adequate sewage disposal .
5	I realized that Hamlet was faced with an entirely different problem , but his agony could have been no greater .
22	From the manufacturer 's point of view , the increasing cost of advertising and promotion is a very real problem to be faced in the sixties .
0	Faced with this situation , Postmaster Charles F. McKenna of Montpelier went with Fogg on a Burlington trip , and together they scouted the terrain on the heights of Berlin .
4	Most of the female faces are new , or at least not too familiar .
22	When a man invests a block of his years at a university without gaining the coveted promotion , not only is he faced with the problem of starting over but there is also a certain depreciation in the market value of his services .
7	Then , with disappointment evident upon their faces , they moved to the work .
8	The largest hurdle the Republicans would have to face is a state law which says that before making a first race , one of two alternative courses must be taken :
16	Now times have changed , and I must pretend that hair does n't grow on my face .
19	He straightened his tie at the mirror with a shaking hand ; the genial smile seemed painted on his face .
10	`` Moore and Longfellow did n't have the fate that faces us '' , Moreland said .
27	If Russian pupils have to take these languages , how come American students have a choice whether or not to take a language , but have to face so many exceptions ?
15	The United States can help by communicating a genuine concern with the problems these countries face and a readiness to provide technical and other appropriate forms of assistance where possible .
5	These societies can expect to face difficult times .
35	Hardly had Mrs. Roebuck driven off when a rusty pick-up truck , father or grandfather of Senor `` Moriarty 's '' Ford sedan , came screeching to a dust swirling stop , and a brown face appeared , its nose threatened by shards of what had once been the side window .
24	Mr. McKinley , for all his sprawling and his easy familiarity , was completely alert to his son , eyes always on the still face , jumping to anticipate Scotty 's desires .
11	They marched with bayonets fixed , and as fixed on their faces was anger , fear , and torment .
9	Bullets were so thick , throwing sand in his face , that he found it difficult to return the fire .
12	Here you begin to appreciate the scope of the challenges and possibilities facing the industry .
20	Even though he would later be resurrected , he was at this moment dead indeed , the expression on his face reflecting what he had gone through on the cross .
13	On such occasions he had not had the courage to look at the face above the hand , whatever face it might be .
24	We in East Greenwich have the example of two neighboring communities , one currently utilizing double sessions in their schools , and the other facing this prospect next year .
8	Now turn around so I can see your face '' .
16	`` Said Secretary Hodges : ' It 's a tough combination for the U. S. to face ' .
9	Lumpe worked a walk as the first batter to face Hyde and romped around as Siebern blasted Hyde 's next toss 415 feet over the scoreboard in right center .
12	Few business groups in recent years have come under heavier pressure to face these realities than real estate brokers and home builders .
3	Her little brown face wrinkled up , her brown eyes gleamed , and with her little gestures she said all the courteous things .
9	He would no longer have to see that fat face , hear that whining voice .
18	At fifteen he did n't care that he had no mother , that he could n't remember her face or her touch ; neither did he care that Aunt Rose provided for him .
7	The liberals , smelling blood , were faced with the necessity of winning three big votes - in the Democratic Committee on Committees , in the full party caucus , and on the floor of the House - before they could oust Colmer .
17	Behind this reply , and its many variations , is the ever-present budget problem all libraries must face , from the largest to the smallest .
2	Rev 's face was suddenly a little fixed and questioning .
5	He clenched his fists and faced the terror .
21	Her hat had come off and fallen behind her shoulders , held by the string , and he could see her face more clearly than he had at any time before .
5	Watson stared into a cadaverous face .
8	The Gov. Jimmie H. Davis administration appears to face a difficult year in 1961 , with the governor 's theme of peace and harmony subjected to severe stresses .
7	And , from the first , he faced a difficult task .
4	The features of his face are distinct , but not fine .
6	He saw the surprise in her face , and laughed as though it were the funniest expression he had ever seen .
1	His face was dark as the sky above it as he stood on the wing and waited for his pilot .
13	Draper declared , `` As I see it , this country has never faced such great dangers as threaten us today .
25	The main question raised by the incident is how much longer will UN bury its head in the sand on the Congo problem instead of facing the bitter fact that it has no solution in present terms ?
12	He drew back his arm to slash the gunbarrel across Jess 's face , but did n't finish the motion .
7	But to the cattlemen who had been facing bankruptcy from rustling losses and to the cowboys who had been faced with lay-offs a few years earlier , he was becoming a vastly different type of legendary figure .
1	Her face showed no sign of having heard Pompeii .
5	One issue that must be faced is the relative difficulty of analysis of different phonologic subsystems .
9	But Carla ; eyes were on Agnese whose glowing face and softening eyes gave her a look of warmth and happiness .
10	At least the moment was postponed when he had to face the mystery of the power tools .
9	she thought as warm , drizzling rain touched her face .
12	They feel they are leagued against a hostile , persecutory world , faced with the concerted malevolent opposition of squares and their hirelings , the police .
17	With great difficulty John clambered to his feet and started to run , sweat pouring down his face .
12	Alex suppressed those expressions of relief which offered to prevail in his face and escape from his throat ; unwarranted they were in any case for , as he stood facing the fille de chambre , his ears were assailed by new sounds from the interior of the shower room .
21	On the third floor one of the two windows was lighted ; it was framed in maroon drapes , and no faces were visible .
9	Now a little flush came on her pale homely face and enchantment in her eyes .
1	His face pale , Summers headed for the street .
1	His face took on a sudden pallor , became beaded with sweat , and he seemed to have trouble with his breathing .
2	Let 's face it !
3	Madden 's dark face wore a meditative look .
11	Ben 's eyes strained with the bitter hurt , his homely face slashed with gray and crimson .
59	Once covertly looking at Simms Purdew , the only man in the world whom he hated , he had seen the heavy , slack , bestubbled jaw open and close to emit the cruel , obscene banter , and had seen the pale blue eyes go watery with whisky and merriment , and suddenly he was not seeing the face of that vile creature .
5	This is the question now facing President Kennedy :
5	It was a disturbingly familiar face , too , but I could n't remember where we had met .
15	A few yards beyond the group of men , a man 's nude body lay face down on a patch of thick green dichondra .
16	The vast , dungeon kitchens may seem hardly worth using except on occasions when one is faced with a thousand unexpected guests for lunch .
14	Lawrence listened with the practiced , deceptive calm of the lawyer , but his face was in the shadow .
14	He wondered what expression , as he made that gesture , was on his face .
7	He threw his arms wide , his face shining .
68	It was amazing how they had herded together for protection : an enormous matriarch in a quilted silk wrapper , rising from the breakfast table ; a gross boy in his teens , shuffling in from the kitchen with a sandwich in his hands ; a girl in her twenties , fat and sullen , descending the marble staircase ; then all four gathering on the sofa to face the inquisitor .
42	Suddenly a treble auto horn tootley-toot-tootled , and , thumbing hopefully , I saw emergent in windshield flash : red lips , streaming silk of blonde hair and - ah , trembling confusion of hope , apprehension , despair - the leering face of old Herry .
16	The guards lowered their rifles and their rifles and peered at Watson with sullen , puzzled faces .
4	He bravely attempts to face this alternative realistically , i. e. , by considering the worst possible outcome , namely , the total domination of the world by Russia within a few years .
6	For a moment she held her face to the empty doorway ; then she snorted and groped for her fork .
35	On the eve of the `` great debate '' on the proposal to give the President broad powers to make across-the-board tariff concessions which could practically bring us into the Atlantic Community , we should face the alternatives on this proposition .
19	But to the cattlemen who had been facing bankruptcy from rustling losses and to the cowboys who had been faced with lay-offs a few years earlier , he was becoming a vastly different type of legendary figure .
1	His face was stiff with anger when they let go of his arms .
9	He did n't know anything about the problems we face today .
2	The Negro faces as much , if not more , difficulty in fitting himself into an urban economy as he did in an agrarian one .
13	Once again , as in the days of the Founding Fathers , America faces a stern test .
4	Slowly she turned to face the men again .
28	He seems , by some unconscious division of labor , to have given them that one function and no other , leaving communication to the rest of the face .
4	The guerrillas realized they faced a new problem .
12	He drew her close and , hand on cheek , turned her face to his .
8	The clock which had struck presented an innocent face .
8	At the same time , you have to face facts and realize that a man who 's been in the Marine Corps all his life does n't understand much about politics .
1	The faces belonged to Lieutenant Marvin Goulding , his wife and their two children .
13	New York Central Railroad president Alfred E. Perlman said Tuesday his line would face the threat of bankruptcy if the Chesapeake + Ohio and Baltimore + Ohio Railroads merge .
14	Congratulations to N. C. for successfully delving into the heart of the problems that face the Peace Corps .
11	I hear the boot of Lucifer , I see his filthy face '' !
4	I looked over their faces and felt a twinge : they all looked so much more knowing than I .
8	The master of the house , his nourished face unrevealing , consented to postpone his departure a few minutes to talk to the detective .
17	But we had hardly started to adjust our thinking to this new uranium weapon when we were faced with the hydrogen bomb .
4	He tilted his homely face toward the dry bed of the river .
26	How right he was ; how clearly he saw the cultural defection of experimentation as an escape for those who dare not or prefer not to face the discipline of modern traditionalism .
17	She was forty-nine at this time , a lanky woman of breeding with an austere , narrow face which had the distinction of a steeple or some architecture that had been designed long ago for a stubborn sort of prayer .
35	Though this sculpture must take place thirty-three years after her moment of decision , he could not conceive of her as a woman in her mid-fifties , old , wrinkled , broken in body and face by labor or worry .
12	Nine of the league 's teams play in baseball parks and therefore face an early season conflict in dates .
20	Under the trees , there was a dead redcoat , a young boy with a pasty white skin and a face full of pimples , who had taken a rifle ball directly between the eyes .
18	But there was no need , he remembered , for his hand to reach out , for his face to show concern or stoicism .
22	`` Is n't enough time to go into it '' , he finished , and slammed the door in his son 's face .
9	His light blue eyes , set deep within the face , are actively and continually looking .
11	It 's your decision '' , said Juanita , holding her face very still , trying to contain the bitterness of her voice as she enunciated her words too distinctly .
14	The car was just about to us , its driver 's fat , solemn face intent on the road ahead , on business , on a family in Sante Fe - on anything but an old pick-up truck in which two human beings desperately needed rescue .
12	She smiled , and the teeth gleamed in her beautifully modeled olive face .
24	When they stood about his tent , chaffing each other , exchanging their obscenities , cursing command or weather , he had studied their faces .
14	Given this kind of business climate , what competitive marketing problems will your company face in the next 10 yr. ?
8	Certainly , in analyzing an action which truly faced such alternatives , `` it is never possible that no world would be preferable to some worlds , and there are in truth no circumstances in which the destruction of human life presents itself as a reasonable alternative '' .
1	They faced a rather small audience , as quite a few subscribers apparently had decided to forego the pleasures of the afternoon .
2	Now the face was his own .
9	The first thing every morning when she washed her face she could see the scar on her chin where he 'd cut her with a boot cleat , and maybe she saw him heaving it again , the dirty sock popping out as it flew .
3	West Germany will face the crucial tests that lie ahead , on Berlin and unification , with a coalition government .
4	The state is now faced with the immediate question of raising new taxes whether on utilities , real estate or motor vehicles , he said , `` and I challenge Mitchell to tell the people where he stands on the tax issue '' .
14	She had talked to him right there , with the hot sun in his face , which made him sweat and feel ashamed .
13	All he cares about is his whisky and that dry crack in his face .
16	Andrei glanced up over the top of the paper and looked into the mustached , homely face of Sergeant Styka .
19	On such occasions he had not had the courage to look at the face above the hand , whatever face it might be .
12	He was a square brick of a man with a moon round face and sunken Polish features .
42	As long as her development within her shell lived up to expectations , and there were no side-effects from the pituitary tinkering , Helva would live a rewarding , rich and unusual life , a far cry from what she would have faced as an ordinary , `` normal '' being .
