19	He paused on the landing to steady his breathing and then bent to examine the single door by the light of the weak bulb overhead .
6	I 'll switch on the underwater lights .
4	Radiation scatters somewhat like light .
3	Mike liked having light up through the ripples ; it was a goodness , beauty .
16	Both shudder at the thought of proceeding too far beyond the sewage system and the electric light lines .
6	Before you use ' em the light company 's got to run in a heavy line and you 'll need a new fuse box for the extra circuits .
20	Three different wavelengths of ultraviolet radiation are selected by the variable filters placed in front of the three mercury xenon lights which serve as the ultraviolet sources .
14	It was the season 's first night game and an obvious refocusing of the lights are in order .
58	The last column shows the rate of exchange that would have been observed at a relative intensity of 4 ( 14.7 cm. distance ) calculated on the assumptions that the incident light intensity is inversely proportional to the square of the distance of the lamp from the cell and that the rate is directly proportional to the incident light intensity .
42	Some 80 reaction tubes from 13 manifold fillings were illuminated in the temperature range from 40 to 85 ` in a further endeavor to determine the cause of the irreproducibility and to obtain information on the activation energy and the effect of light intensity .
16	The human body - he pointed out , for example - required 33 units of blue light .
0	Lights blazed in the big house and surrounding grounds .
19	The rate of the gas phase exchange reaction appears to be proportional to the first power of the absorbed light intensity indicating that the radical intermediates are removed at the walls or by reaction with an impurity rather than by bimolecular radical combination reactions .
8	With a spare battery , a source of light for 2 weeks or more would be assured .
8	Mark stopped the car and switched off the lights and they sat looking at the water , which , there being no moon out , at first could be distinguished from the sky only by an absence of stars .
2	Because of light leakage from one ultraviolet source to another , the lights are switched by a commutator like assembly rotated by a synchronous motor .
2	Relative incident light intensities were measured with a thermopile potentiometer system .
9	It was night on this hemisphere , but the light blazed from the megalopolises of Australia , Japan , China , Southeast Asia , India , Siberia .
25	The photochemical reaction cells consisted of 10 mm. i.d. Pyrex tubing , 5.5 cm. long , diffraction effects being minimized by the fact that the light passed through only liquid glass interfaces and not gas glass interfaces .
31	Direct proportionality of the rate to the incident intensity has also been assumed in obtaining the value in the last column for the fourth sample of series /2 , where the light intensity was reduced by use of a screen .
15	A flashlight or electric lantern also should be available for those periods when a brighter light is needed .
3	Two types of light source were used , a thousand watt projection lamp and an AH6 high pressure mercury arc .
8	Then the darkness thinned , and there was light again , and then bright sunlight .
106	Out of the church and into his big car , it tooling over the road with him driving and the headlights sweeping the pike ahead and after he hit college , his expansiveness , the quaint little pine board tourist courts , cabins really , with a cute naked light bulb in the ceiling ( unfrosted and naked as a streetlight , like the one on the corner where you used to play when you were a kid , where you watched the bats swooping in after the bugs , watching in between your bouts at hopscotch ) , a room complete with moths pinging the light and the few casual cockroaches cruising the walls , an insect Highway Patrol with feelers waving .
20	This was nearly completed May 23 , 1901 with a promise of lights by June 10 , but the first light did not go on until September 28 .
11	Data on such comparisons together with data on the effect of light intensity are given in Table /1 .
2	Then the lights went out .
33	By comparing reaction cells sealed from the same manifold temperature dependency corresponding to activation energies ranging from 11 to 18 * * f was observed while dependence on the first power of the light intensity seemed to be indicated in most cases .
29	During the discharge the magnetic forces set up by the passage of current cause the edges of the foil to roll inward toward its center line , thus allowing light to pass into the camera .
58	It was possible to make estimates of the quantum yield by observing the extent of reduction of a uranyl oxalate actinometer solution illuminated for a known time in a typical reaction cell and making appropriate conversions based on the differences in the absorption spectra of uranyl oxalate and of chlorine , and considering the spectral distribution of the light source .
5	Each frame comes between the light and the lens and is individually projected on the screen , at the rate , for silent movies , of 16 frames per second , and , for sound films , 24 frames per second .
21	Changes of intensity on the cell were achieved by use of a wire screen and by varying the distance of the light source from the cell .
3	There was a light in Black 's front room , but drawn curtains prevented any view of the interior .
23	I even ferreted out the materials from which shields were made - linden wood covered with leather - so I 'd get the light reflections accurate .
23	She went into the living room and turned on three lamps , then back into the kitchen where she turned on the ceiling light and the switch that lit the floods on the barn , illuminating the driveway .
9	The drizzle was slacking off now , but the light was grayer .
12	This was nearly completed May 23 , 1901 with a promise of lights by June 10 , but the first light did not go on until September 28 .
8	Somewhere over there another patrol had need of light .
31	The last column shows the rate of exchange that would have been observed at a relative intensity of 4 ( 14.7 cm. distance ) calculated on the assumptions that the incident light intensity is inversely proportional to the square of the distance of the lamp from the cell and that the rate is directly proportional to the incident light intensity .
7	A carriage crunched by , its dim lights filtering through the gloom .
22	It was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition , Lauritz Esmarch , that Oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow .
16	The older scales were based on theoretical estimates of the conversion efficiency of kinetic energy into light .
2	As the lights came up , Andy could see that a number of patrons were already on their way toward the exit .
1	The light was filtered by the soft glass window of the thermostat thus ensuring that only light absorbed by the chlorine and not by the carbon tetrachloride could enter the reaction cell .
29	They were climbing the hill in the night when the headlights abruptly probed solid blackness , became two parallel luminous tubes which broadened out into a faint mist of light and ended .
