27	There were many letters of strong protest against the portrait of the Anglican clergyman , who was indeed portrayed as a man not particularly concerned with religious matters and without really very much to do as clergyman .
1	In matters of exact information , that kept her one step behind developments ; and so they were consistently true to their principles .
12	Casey watched them go , still frowning absently and then dismissing the matter as he called for his check .
11	Just what is meant by `` spirit '' and by `` matter '' ?
80	The great majority of present-day linguists fall into one or more of a number of overlapping types : those who are convinced that tone cannot be analysed , those who are personally scared of tone and tone languages generally , those who are convinced that tone is merely an unnecessary marginal feature in those languages where it occurs , those who have no idea how to proceed with tone analysis , those who take a simplistic view of the whole matter .
7	Indeed , it has only been a matter of the last few years that reputable schools of art have granted degrees at all .
16	The major studios maintain a cadre of film librarians and research specialists who look to this matter .
43	Besides showing no inclination , apparently , to absent himself from his native region even for short periods , and in addition writing a shelf of books set in the region , he has handled in those books an astonishingly complete list of matters which have been important in the South during the past hundred years .
13	After every money argument , she rebuffed her husband 's overtures until the matter was settled in her favor .
9	This is an issue which boils down to a matter of opinion , depending on whether you 're an American or National fan and anti or pro Yankee .
27	If there is anything which we can do in the executive branch of the Government to speed up the processes by which we come to decisions on matters on which we must act promptly , that in itself would be a major contribution to the conduct of our affairs .
36	This brings us to the fact that the realities we are dealing with lie not in the field of civil legislation , but in the realm of conscience and religion : They are moral judgments and matters of theological belief .
4	Dozens of seemingly small matters go wrong all over the world .
58	Since the magnitude of the plan made secrecy impossible , once the wheels had began to turn , persons controlling German industries , social institutions , and armed forces became , through their anti-Semitism or their tolerance of it , conscious accomplices of Hitler 's crimes ; whether in the last degree or a lesser one was a matter to be determined individually .
7	For Blanche , it was only a matter of time before Stanley would propose .
22	I cannot make sense out of the figures for post maturity growth ; at best the annual increase appears to be a matter of inches rather than feet .
24	It is only fair to demand that teachers of courses in English , history , psychology and so on be as well informed in matters of art , especially interior design , as are the art teachers educated in the academic subjects .
20	Apart from misplaced modifiers and headlinese , journalism contributes a wide variety of comic ambiguities in both editorial and advertising matter .
5	Place kicking is largely a matter of timing , Moritz declared .
15	Such an understanding , although it must seek to be sympathetic , is not a matter of intuition .
10	But when she called he had thought better of the matter and decided not to involve himself in a new entanglement .
2	On other matters , the jury recommended that :
27	`` Please come down as soon as you conveniently can '' , the upright letters stalked from the broad nibbed pen , `` I have an important matter to discuss with you '' .
2	Is the matter one for the United Nations or some other international body ?
12	The low compulsive child was one who appeared relatively unconcerned about such matters .
28	My unscientific friend does not believe that human stature is measurable in terms of speed , momentum , weightlessness , or distance from earth , but is a matter of the development of the human mind .
9	It has erupted on the national level in the matter of including birth-control information and material in foreign aid to underdeveloped countries .
9	`` It was always the spirit with Christ ; matters such as leavened or unleavened bread are inconsequential .
7	As it turned out , Jessica took matters into her own hands .
32	In addition to the penalties provided in title 18 , United States Code , section 1001 , any person guilty of any act , as provided therein , with respect to any matter under this Title , shall forfeit all rights under this Title , and , if payment shall have been made or granted , the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same .
33	The content of his words may lapse back into monotonous repetition , as if a phonograph needle were stuck in one groove ; only seldom is it so simple as to be a matter of his obviously parroting some timeworn axiom , common to our culture , which he has evidently heard , over and over , from a parent until he experiences it as part of him .
26	`` All too frequently '' , points out James O' Gara , managing editor of Commonweal , `` Catholics run roughshod over Protestant sensibilities in this matter , by failure to consider the reasoning behind the Protestant position and , particularly , by their jibes at the fact that Protestant opinion on birth control has changed in recent decades '' .
28	For instance , the dreamer sees himself seated behind neighbor Smith and , with photographic realism , sees Smith driving the car ; whereas , it is a matter of fact that Smith cannot drive a car .
12	The only area in which one might find major disagreement in this matter is in regard to the alveolar distribution of the bronchial arteries .
7	Cleaning or detergent action is entirely a matter of surfaces .
11	**f appeared to be well suited for the study of these matters , since it is a normal paramagnet , with three unpaired electrons on the chromium , its crystal structure is very simple , and the unknown position of the hydrogen in the strong **f bond provides structural interest .
3	He said the matter was urgent .
49	Afraid at one and the same time that his work might be turned down - which would be a blow to his pride even though no one knew he was the author - and that the work would be accepted , and then that his violent feelings in the matter would certainly betray how deeply concerned he was in spite of himself .
12	We should spread the view that planning and national development are serious matters which call for effort as well as enthusiasm .
2	There the matter stands with the prospect that soon Manchester may be removed from the roster of towns contributing raw sewage to its main streams .
7	Women themselves have come to look upon matters in the same light as the outside world , and scarcely find any wrong in submitting to the importunities of a stronger will , even when their affections are withheld .
2	Although the matter has not been unequivocally demonstrated , the available data show that micelles in themselves do not contribute significantly to the detergency process .
47	one cannot assume , of course , that all these accumulated meanings were inherent in the stereotype at the beginning of the therapy , or at any one time later on when the stereotype was uttered ; probably it is correct to think of it as a matter of a well grooved , stereotyped mode of expression - and no , or but a few , other communicational grooves , as yet - being there , available for the patient 's use , as newly emerging emotions and ideas well up in him over the course of months .
19	The host of novel applications of electronics to medical problems is far more thrilling because of their implication in matters concerning our health and vitality .
