10	Also make sure you have reasonable requirements as to hours worked before a production employee is entitled to a vacation .
1	If working in a zinc mine , which he once did for 87 - 1 2 cents an hour , paid more than playing center field for the Yankees , Mantle would work in a zinc mine .
3	Often these exercises work well for some bodybuilders but less spectacularly for others .
14	All things are possible to God , but He chooses - usually - to work through people .
23	And many advertisers have been happy with the results of letting a Negro disc jockey phrase the commercial in his own words , working only from a fact sheet .
9	In both cases the student attends school half-time and works in a regular job the other half .
3	His next major work , completed in 1892 , was a long fantastic epic in prose , entitled Hans Alienus , which Professor Bo ^ o ^ k describes as a monument on the grave of his carefree and indolent youth .
8	Will your union accept seniority concessions in assigning work for older or disabled employees ?
44	And they could n't have entrusted Henri to better hands because `` le professeur '' knows his muscles from the sterno-cleido mastoideus of the neck right down to the tibialis anticus of the leg - and better still , he knows just what exercises work best for them and what Weider principles to combine them with for fast , fast muscle growth .
2	If communications work , his decision would be instantly known in all command posts that would originate the actual go order .
1	Some work with their hands .
6	To be Katharine Ross , and work in a nicer shop somewhere , at a little more money so she could have prettier clothes , and learn ladies ' manners and all like that , and get to know different people than up to now , not just the ones like her here , with foreign sounding names , the ones went to the same church and - Different place , different job , different people , she 'd be all different too .
21	Employers prefer to hire youth with such training rather than those without , and most graduates of vocational training go to work in jobs related to their training .
11	The almost six million persons without jobs and the two million working part-time do not consider themselves and their plight as statistical .
27	In a far distant part of the United States , I was talking to an instructor about a boy who in the twelfth grade was doing special work .
16	These desires presuppose a sense of causally efficacious powers in which one is involved , some working for one 's good , others threatening ill .
43	It all seemed - if one could have peeked in at him through one of his windows - as though this broken nosed man with the muscular arms and wrestler 's neck was merely the caretaker trying his hand at the boss 's work .
15	Whenever the place was cleaned or a meal served it was Precious who did the work .
4	Jack Casey , who works for Continental Airlines in Houston ; Fred Mullen from Mercer Island , Wash. ; Pfc. Truman Cleveland of St. Augustine .
1	If work is substituted for things ( with more exact contribution to meaning ) , it will have dominant stress .
1	I work at the granary .
21	Almost surely he did ; after all , he had had the same set of facts as Jack had had to work from , and he was an almost frighteningly observant man .
32	Rousseau had to admit that though he could n't agree to a public performance , he would indeed , just for his own private satisfaction , dearly love to know how his work would sound when done by professional musicians and by trained voices .
19	In later collages of both masters , a variety of extraneous materials are used , sometimes in the same work , and almost always in conjunction with every other eye-deceiving and eye-undeceiving device they can think of .
6	Martin said the government has been working to establish firmer prices on primary products which may involve the total income of one country .
9	No one will even suspect that it is your work '' .
25	( The best evidence is that he received a monthly wage of about $ 125 , very good money in an era when top hands worked for $ 30 and found . )
13	Sam Caldwell , State Highway Department public relations director , resigned Tuesday to work for Lt. Gov. Garland Byrd 's campaign .
15	The presence of genuine mimesis in art is marked by the persistence with which the work demands attention and compels valuation even though it is but vaguely understood .
6	He said , `` I only work here '' .
20	The position of receptionist was opened in a large office and an announcement was made to the other girls already working that they could apply for this job which had higher prestige and slightly higher salary than typing and clerking positions .
22	Have you investigated the possibility of moving midweek holidays forward to Monday or back to Friday in order to have an uninterrupted work week ?
24	It becomes most evident in his description of Christ as the second Adam , who does indeed come to destroy sin , but whose work culminates in the achievement of immortality .
7	I went to a retrospective of his work when I was eighteen , and I thought he was a contemporary of Cezanne 's '' .
20	The mercenaries were little interested in farming and added nothing to the output of the farm plots on which all work was still done with hoes as late as 1818 .
3	The program has worked well in both Nashville and Houston .
12	There was no display of either works in progress or of finished work .
38	One has to talk confidentially with some of the directors of vocational high schools to realize that a boy cannot just say , `` I want to be a plumber '' , and then , by doing good work , find a job .
19	And so the authors conclude : `` The conduct of the patient in his every-day life and in his work , even more than the foregoing facts [ mentioned above under 1 ] , leave positively no room for doubt that the sense of touch , in the ordinary sense of the word , was unaffected ; or , to put the same thing in physiological terms , that the performance capacity of the tactual apparatus , from the periphery up to the tactual centers in the brain , - that is , from one end to the other - was unimpaired '' .
19	The Government will contract with an eligible applicant to pay up to one-half of the cost of approved exploration work as it progresses .
1	I work on a watercolor easel in the field , and frequently resort to a large garden umbrella to protect my eyes from undue strain .
11	The long , unhurried approach and the deliberate prolongation of fore-play work on several levels .
3	We 've been working for weeks .
6	Bare feet are better for such work than any form of slipper .
8	He said he was the lonely type and working in a cellar you saw funny things coming out of the cracks in the wall if they was n't nobody with you .
31	Here I took my leave of my learned friends to step out on another path , to which we might give the modern name of Pragmatism , or the thing that works .
12	Can your plant nurse be replaced by a trained first-aid man who works full-time on some other assignment ?
20	Even so , every pool owner , in case of emergency , should have some idea of what makes things work .
5	It was the kind of work I was doing , the quality of the ambition it awoke in me , that kept me from painting .
34	Hayes said that if a way can be found to deal effectively with short-term capital movements between nations , `` there is no reason , in my judgment why the international financial system cannot work satisfactorily for at least the foreseeable future '' .
14	It had drawn them together , and since his release from prison Dill had worked tirelessly to effect this night 's escape .
14	The early works were conceived for a sophisticated , international audience ; the later works were conceived to affirm a way of life for fellow citizens .
26	He rather wished he had never got into the business , and still - scarcely to be resisted , a nice little profit with not much work involved , easy money .
9	The former is intended to decrease the amount of work necessary to extend dictionary coverage .
12	During the summers , while he was still in school , Mercer worked for his father 's firm as a messenger boy .
10	Very likely it will also include a recognition that the work we are reading reflects or `` belongs to '' some way of thought labelled as a `` school '' or an `` - ism '' , i. e. a complex or `` syndrome '' of ideas occurring together with sufficient prominence to warrant identification .
12	It 's best to buy them fresh from a dealer who is working to improve them .
6	I think we have the hardest working , best representative in Congress .
19	The latter is useful for modifying information about some or all forms of a word , hence reducing the work required to improve dictionary contents .
9	It is particularly suitable for those who need to work or exercise out of doors for their health .
7	Too many records seem to reduce a work of symphonic complexity to a melody and its accompaniment .
11	Whether in prose or poetry , all of Heidenstam 's later work was concerned with Sweden .
24	All of these activities are geared to a top priority communication system , and practice tests have been held to assure that everything will work smoothly .
10	The tradition reached its apex , perhaps , in the works of Thomas Nelson Page toward the end of the century , and reappeared undiminished as late as 1934 in the best-selling novel So Red the Rose , by Stark Young .
136	The horrifying humor , the specifically sexual embarrassment of the joke gone wrong , the monstrous image of the fat man dressed up as a whore dressing up as a baby ; the epiphany of that quivering flesh ; the bringing together around it of the secret liaison between indolent , mindless sensuality and sharp , shrewd talent , cleverness with an occasional touch of genius ( which , however , does not know `` how to attack the problem of suffering '' ) ; the miraculous way in which music , revelation and death are associated in a single instant - all this seems a triumph of art , a rather desperate art , in itself ; beyond itself , also , it evokes numerous and distant resonances from the entire body of Mann 's work .
6	If the artist would study his work more thoroughly and move certain units in his design , often only slightly , finer pictures would result .
19	Caring for a calf , a pig , or some chickens develops in children a sense of responsibility for work .
2	His mouth worked over the profanity , the obscenities in his vocabulary .
10	Good field techniques will not only equip linguists for better work , but also help them overcome negative attitudes .
15	Certainly every educator involved in interior design should be a member and active in the work of one of these organizations .
4	Mrs. Pastern undertook the work of going from house to house with the thoughtless resignation of an honest and traditional laborer .
5	Now look , there 's work to be done and lots of it .
4	And everyone went to work to learn the parts which he wrote .
26	So , I put my Bible to the practical test of noting what it says about itself , and then tested it to see how it worked .
17	The reason for the value of this procedure was simply that the applicants were tested `` at work '' in different situations by the judgment of a number of experts who could see how the salesmen conducted themselves with different , but typical restaurant owners and managers .
27	When they first married he had been working in the fields all day , and she would get in the car and drive to wherever he was working , to take him a fresh hot meal .
46	There is an ancient and venerable tradition in the church ( which derives , however , from the heritage of the Greeks rather than from the Bible ) that God is completely independent of his creation and so has no need of men for accomplishing his work in the world .
6	Some forms of capitalism do indeed work - superb organizations , a credit to any society .
33	Our conjecture is , then , that regardless of the manner in which school lessons are taught , the compulsive child accentuates those elements of each lesson that aid him in systematizing his work .
7	Like many others , he had to work hard , long hours in a struggling family business which , though it was allied to art of a kind - the design and production of engraved seals - bore no relation to the painting of pictures .
4	At the end of work one day , the personnel man took the applicants one at a time , asked them to sit behind the receptionist 's desk and he then played the role of a number of people who might come to the receptionist with a number of queries and for a number of purposes .
14	For fifty-five years he had lived , progressing towards a no-goal , eating , working , breathing without plan , without reason .
10	You can get a hot water system that will also work for cooling your house .
3	Nor would he work at all .
28	Consultation with architects , clients , real estate men , fabric houses and furniture companies is essential to the proper development of class problems just as in actual work .
2	Usually the work studied offers us a special or even an individualized rendering or treatment of the ideas in question , so that the student finds it necessary to distinguish carefully between the several expressions of an `` - ism '' or mode of thought .
20	Too many plant officials are all too eager to buy a package program from an insurance company simply because it works for another plant .
33	And like this English master , Mason realizes his subjects in large , simplified masses which , though they seem effortless , are in reality the result of skilled design born of hard work and a thorough distillation of the natural form that inspired them .
27	Employes of Pawtucket 's garbage and rubbish collection contractor picketed the firm 's incinerator site yesterday in the second day of a strike for improved wages and working conditions .
10	While Arlen and Mercer collaborated on Hot Nocturne , Mercer worked also with Arthur Schwartz on another film , Navy Blues .
5	A slight change in the work schedule may cut the production of cows or chickens .
14	Those persons who were lucky enough to see and hear the performance of his work at the Brest-Silevniov Festival in August , 1916 , will certainly welcome his return to public notice ; and it is not unlikely that , even as the great Bach lay dormant for so many years , so has the erudite , ingenious SalFininistas passed through his `` purgatory '' of neglect .
3	`` We 'll work for our keep '' , the boy said eagerly .
35	Insofar as its own governing documents are concerned , Emory University could now consider applications from prospective students , and others seeking applications from prospective students , and others seeking the opportunity to study or work at the university , irrespective of race , color or creed .
14	`` Argiento , this is senseless '' , he complained , not liking to work on the wet floors , particularly in cold weather .
3	Reliability and validation work with the Children 's Anxiety Scale by Castaneda , et al. demonstrated results closely similar to the findings with the adult scale .
9	The trouble with them was that they almost never worked , and in fact an agreement `` in principle '' historically turned out to be a sure sign that neither party really wanted the quarrel settled .
33	Some who have written on Utopia have treated it as `` a learned diversion of a learned world '' , `` a phantasy with which More amused himself '' , `` a holiday work , a spontaneous overflow of intellectual high spirits , a revel of debate , paradox , comedy and invention '' .
3	`` We 'll work hard Tuesday , Wednesday and Thursday '' , Meek said , `` and probably will have a good scrimmage Friday .
75	I have no picture in my mind of the garden as a whole - that I could not see - but certain aspects of certain corners linger in the memory : wind-blown , frost-bitten , white chrysanthemums beneath a window , with their brittle brown leaves and their sharp scent of November ; ripe pears lying in long grass , to be turned over by a dusty slippered foot , cautiously , lest bees still worked in the ragged , brown edged holes ; hot colored verbenas in the corner between the dining-room wall and the side porch , where we passed on our way to the pump with the half gourd tied to it as a cup by my grandmother for our childish pleasure in drinking from it .
5	The instrument used for this work was a slight modification of that previously described .
37	`` When and if it can do so without jeopardizing constitutional and statutory tax-exemption privileges essential to the maintenance of its educational program and facilities , Emory University will consider applications of persons desiring to study or work at the University without regard to race , color or creed , continuing university policy that all applications shall be considered on the basis of intellectual and moral standards and other criteria designed to assure the orderly and effective conduct of the university and the fulfillment of its mission as an institution of Christian higher education '' .
20	A Bureau de la Demographie ( A. Romaniuk , Director ) was formed under AIMO in the Congo , to work in close rapport with the Section Statistique of the Secretariat General .
6	While many companies have done fine work in developing sales personnel , much of it has been product rather than sales training .
5	The arrangement with Argiento was working well , except that sometimes Michelangelo could not figure who was master and who apprentice .
28	These opportunities are to be found in certain cities in such crafts as auto mechanics , carpentry , drafting , electrical work , tool-and-die work , and sheet-metal work .
17	It looked to me as though he had everything an artist could want , joy in his work , standing in the profession , a large and steady income .
3	The longer I work , the more I am sure that for me , at least , a workmanlike method is important .
7	When they first married he had been working in the fields all day , and she would get in the car and drive to wherever he was working , to take him a fresh hot meal .
2	As she worked she absentmindedly crooned , producing a curious sound .
4	That done , her work is accomplished and she ignores the plant .
11	The titles he could read easily through the criss-crossed wires : works on theology , astral physics , history , biology , political science .
8	The mediums with whom the Parapsychology Foundation is working in this experiment are in a waking or only slightly dissociated state , so that the sitter can make comments , ask and answer questions , instead of talking with a `` control '' who speaks through an entranced sensitive .
4	No matter how well work is planned , bad weather or unexpected setbacks can cause extra work that must be caught up .
21	`` I have just come from viewing a man who had made the fortune of his country , but now is working all night in order to support his family '' , he reflected .
13	Then , with disappointment evident upon their faces , they moved to the work .
18	The architects , the tile and carpet makers , the potters , painters , calligraphers , and metalsmiths worked through Abbas 's reign and those of his successors to enrich the city .
17	Make sure you do n't pay for holidays that occur when an employee would not otherwise be working .
17	Gavin 's stallion was in the barn and he tightened the cinches over the saddle blanket , working by touch in the darkness , comforting the animal with easy words .
32	The threshold mass is derived from the momentum threshold with the assumption of a mean impact velocity of * * f in the U.S. work and * * f in the U.S.S.R. work .
11	List the number of hours the family can be expected to work each month .
6	Participants in the 27 Portland companies worked one night a week through the school year , guided and counseled by adult advisors drawn from local business and industry .
38	I knew that a conversation with the author would not settle such questions , because a man is not the same as his writing : in the last analysis , the questions had to be settled by the work itself .
7	All applicants were generally familiar with the work of the receptionist .
10	Roleplaying was offered as a solution - and the procedure worked as follows : all candidates were invited to a hotel conference room , where the president explained the difficulty he had , and how unnecessary it seemed to him to hire people who just did not work out .
30	The editorial was based on a news association dispatch which said that the telegraphers had secured an agreement whereby they were guaranteed 40 hours ' pay per week whether they worked or not and that a reduction in their number was limited to 2 per cent per year .
31	Finally , we may also mention the several members of the self-consciously `` neoliberal '' movement that developed at the University of Chicago and is heavily indebted philosophically to the creative work of Alfred North Whitehead .
3	Often , in working out-of-doors under all conditions of light and atmosphere , a particular passage that looked favorable in relation to the subject will be too bright , too dull , or too light , or too dark when viewed indoors in a mat .
21	When this occurs , I make the change on the sketch or on the final watercolor - if I have been working on a full sheet in the field .
3	If your child works for you , you may deduct reasonable wages you paid to him for services he rendered in your business .
4	Of course , these works are not comparable , even though the same brain conceived them .
29	Because it is so large a state , with marked contrasts in population density , the organization of the New York co-operative offers a cross-section of how the plan works .
9	Me , I know the mind of an officer works in a strange and unfathomable manner '' .
3	Frequently he must work long hours in the hot sun or cold rain .
9	Without right attitude the other aids just do not work right '' .
4	`` I do n't work for the Government '' , the American said .
10	The musicians of the Royal Opera would not rehearse a work merely to see how it would sound .
18	But he did n't play golf , did n't seem to belong to any local clubs - his work took him away a lot , of course - which probably accounted for his tendency to keep to himself .
24	The former secretary of labor said he was proud to be an Eisenhower Republican `` and proud to have absorbed his philosophy '' while working in his adminstration .
14	This means that a great many academically talented girls are discouraged from pursuing graduate work of a more demanding nature .
5	`` How you going to work with a child hanging on you '' ?
18	I make no attempt to measure the enduring satisfaction and material well-being of a man who went to work on graduation from high school and was highly successful in the business which he entered .
24	And if I have gone into so much detail about so small a work , that is because it is also so typical a work , representing the germinal form of a conflict which remains essential in Mann 's writing :
16	Kate drew more and more on her affection for Joel through the hot days of summer work .
24	One might have expected that such a violent epoch of transition would have destroyed the creative flair of a composer , especially one whose works were so fluent and spontaneous .
61	All these emotions were screwed up to new heights when , after acceptance and the first rehearsals , there ensued such a buzz of excitement among Parisian music lovers that Duclos had to come running to Rousseau to inform him that the news had reached the superintendent of the King 's amusements , and that he was now demanding that the work be offered first at the royal summer palace of Fontainebleau .
24	Named by Mayor Wagner three years ago to head a committee that included James A. Farley , Bernard Gimbel and Clint Blume , Shea worked relentlessly .
19	Formally organized vocational programs supported by federal funds allow high school students to gain experience in a field of work which is likely to lead to a full-time job on graduation .
8	I knew that I 'd soon be back working as an orderly at the hospital or as a counterman at Union News or Schraffts while waiting for another acting job to open .
33	If you have a year-round , full-time job you can n't expect to grow much more than your family uses - unless other members of the family do a good deal of the work or you hire help .
2	The system works as an impersonal mechanism .
21	Although Miller noted in 1907 that a difference in the pleural blood supply existed between animals , nowhere in his published works is it found that he did a comparative study of the intrapulmonary features of various mammalian lungs other than in the dog and cat ( Miller , ' 13 ; ' 25 ) .
36	If an expensive and specialized piece of machinery is needed - such as a spray rig , a combine , or a binder - it is better to pay someone with a machine to do the work .
4	They speak of the work of Christ as the bestowal of incorruptibility , which can mean ( though it does not have to mean ) deliverance from time and history .
5	For the hero of this work by John Osborne and Anthony Creighton is a chap embittered by more than the lack of beer during a jam session .
9	We have heard that after seeing Mr. Quasimodo 's work it will be virtually impossible to deny the artistic validity and importance of the whole abstract movement .
22	Fury Hanover ( Hoot Mon-Fay ) , Caper ( Hoot Mon-Columbia Hanover ) and Isaac ( Hoot Mon-Goddess Hanover ) have been working together but have not equalled their best work done some weeks ago .
48	More than anything , it is the therapist 's intuitive sensing of these latent meanings in the stereotype which helps these meanings to become revealed , something like a spread-out deck of cards , on sporadic occasions over the passage of the patient 's and his months of work together .
3	Speaking of his work with Johnny Mercer , Arlen says , `` Our working habits were strange .
6	conduct engineering research and technical development work to determine , by laboratory and pilot plant testing , the results of the research and studies aforesaid in order to develop processes and plant designs to the point where they can be demonstrated on a large and practical scale ;
18	But there were other homesteaders who passed the Lewis murder off as a personal grudge killing , the work of one of his neighbors .
33	Because Christianity teaches not only salvation in history , but salvation by the history of Christ , such an interpretation of death would require a drastic revision of the Christian understanding of the work of Christ .
43	It is made up of tumbling , which might be said to start with a somersault , run through such stunts as headstands , handstands , cartwheels , backbends , and culminate in nearly impossible combinations of aerial flips and twists and apparatus work .
27	Men qualified for the broader task of marketing manager are even more scarce due to the demanding combination of qualifications called for by this type of management work .
15	Then at least he would have a place to hang his tools and something to work on .
30	For those who `` like poetry but never get around to reading it '' , the Library of Congress makes it possible for poets to be heard reading their own work .
28	This comes not alone from high-set , high-rep training , but from certain definition specialization exercises which the champion selects for himself with the knowledge of exactly what works best for him .
4	She stayed here to work for Aliah .
1	This work gave a heat of formation of aluminum fluoride which closely substantiates a value which had been determined by a less direct method , and raises this property to 15 percent above that accepted a few years ago .
38	All over the country , belly clubs have never been bigger , especially in Detroit , Boston and Chicago , and even in small towns ; one of the best dancers , a Turkish girl named Semra , works at a roadhouse outside Bristol , Conn. .
9	Prokofieff 's Classical Symphony was hailed as an ingenious work from a naturally gifted and well trained musician still in his twenties .
20	On the morning of September 10 , 1895 , Powell and Ross rose at dawn and began their day 's work .
4	Heidenstam wrote four other works of fiction about earlier figures revered in Swedish memory .
13	If one wishes to discuss a literary figure who uses folklore in his work , the first thing he must realize is that the literary figure is probably part of this ignorant American public .
4	A normal year 's work in college is 30 semester hours .
32	They are leaving so fast that the president of the West German Employers' Federation issued an appeal this week to factory workers in the West to volunteer for six months ' front-line work in factories in West Berlin .
2	This was working by the end of August and giving satisfactory service .
18	By no means would we discourage the production of ideas : they provide raw materials with which to work ; they provide stimulations that lead to further production .
4	Carpenters all wanted steady work and at the moment every mother's son for twenty miles around that could hammer nails for twenty-five dollars a day was working on the school job .
5	The doctor 's mind was working at a great speed ; he rose to put his greatcoat on and addressed Alex in a muted voice .
8	On the one hand , he does not work for a large agency , but is almost always self-employed .
41	Indeed , in some periods of our history and in some neighborhoods the job opportunities have been so good that undoubtedly a great many boys who were potential members of the professions quit school at an early age and went to work .
14	Why it was ever forgotten for even a moment I cannot say because it works perfectly for everyone , no matter whether he has short or long thigh-bone lengths !
2	The early works were conceived for a sophisticated , international audience ; the later works were conceived to affirm a way of life for fellow citizens .
15	Each cutting tool will operate best at a given speed , depending on the material worked .
7	Unfortunately , Blakey does n't choose to work much of the time in this vein .
12	The Structural Clay Products Institute , Washington , D. C. , is working to develop brick and clay products suitable for shelter construction .
6	He said , `` Let 's work for peace instead of protection from aggression '' .
12	In a few places cooperative programs between schools and employers in clerical work have shown the same possibilities for allowing the student , while still in school , to develop skills which are immediately marketable upon graduation .
17	`` I 've been mucking in a mine in the San Juan , but I used to work on a ranch .
22	Plaster of Paris , once utilized in making impressions of teeth , has been replaced by alginates ( gelatin-like material ) that work quickly and accurately and with least discomfort to a child .
5	Indeed , a lighter weight works much better because a greater , more extensive split can be performed .
17	Papers like these four , if widely read , will contribute importantly to improvement of our analytic work .
57	Over all these fairly awkward problems Khrushchev was to skate rather lightly ; and , though he repeated , over and over again , the spectacular figures of industrial and agricultural production in 1980 , the `` ordinary '' people in Russia are still a little uncertain as to how `` communism '' is really going to work in practice , especially in respect of food .
16	The applicant pays the rest of the cost , but his own time spent on the work and charges for the use of equipment which he owns may be applied toward his share of the cost .
2	It never worked , naturally ; but it made her look unusual .
4	His casual , dreamlike working methods , often as not in absentia , were an abrupt change from Harburg 's , so that Arlen had to adjust again to another approach to collaboration .
44	Mr. Blatz had been at least sober enough to remember to telephone and he turned out to be the greatest boon that had come into Mr. Crombie 's life since he moved to Highfield , in spite of the fact that he did n't work very fast or very long at a time , and he did n't like to work at all unless Mr. Crombie hung around and talked to him .
5	Hague , like all who worked near the pits , was partly deafened from the constant assault against his eardrums .
19	Cameras stared at soloists ' faces in extreme closeups , then considerately pulled back for full views of ensemble work .
24	Mrs. Andrus was talking to the maid , arranging for her to come in every day , instead of the four days she now worked .
27	He helped Kate and Juanita enlarge the flower garden in the side yard , where they sometimes sat in the still evenings watching the last fat bees working against the summer 's purple dusk .
5	But an instinctive reflex may work against the conscious intention of the woman .
3	Did older people work more slowly ?
50	One day , Ching had told him ( smiling , patting him on the back ) as they walked to the weekly conference of squad leaders , `` Keep it up , your squad is good , one of the best , keep it up , keep up the good work '' .
26	How in the world had he formerly found time to build up a business , raise a family , be on half a dozen boards , work actively on committees and either go out in the evening or plow through the contents of a bulging brief case ?
11	Winston took the clothesbrush out of the closet and went to work .
12	Such a comparison reminds us that in employing low characters in his works Faulkner is recording actuality in the South and moreover is following a long established literary precedent .
16	She was told by the manservant who opened the door that his lordship was engaged on work from which he had left strict orders he was not to be disturbed .
14	He had known when he first helped her to meet the right people and work with them that she did not intend to marry him .
28	Another use of roleplaying for evaluation illustrates how this procedure can be used in real life situations without special equipment or special assistants during the daily course of work .
3	It was her work to go among her neighbors and collect their checks .
33	His arm had been giving him some trouble and Rector was not enough of a medical expert to determine whether it had healed improperly or whether Hino was simply rebelling against the tedious work in the print shop , using the stiffness in his arm as an excuse .
27	Flick Nipe 's and Neil Engle 's Miss Phone ( Galophone-Prissy Miss ) is a fine-looking filly with good disposition and good gait , and she has worked up to date in 2 : 46 .
4	She did n't mind working hard , not as if she figured to do anything wrong to live easy and soft - all she wanted was a chance , where she was n't marked as what she was .
5	There were times that he worked with both lyricists simultaneously .
16	But consider also how much you and your family can keep up along with your other work .
11	An ' that could mean trouble with a fella that 's workin ' for crooks .
2	`` He works for my father '' , the girl said , and then seemed to change her mind .
13	More often than not I have found easy excuse to leave my own work and stand at a respectable distance where I could watch this man transform raw nature into a composed , not imitative , painting .
5	Wolpe 's experiments and therapeutic work lie in this area .
12	Plate 12 illustrates four examples , which are Ripe or Late Geometric work of common spirit but of different schools .
24	The word `` binomial '' means `` of two names '' or `` of two terms '' , and both usages apply in our work : the first to the names of the two outcomes of a binomial trial , and the second to the terms p and * * f that represent the probabilities of `` success '' and `` failure '' .
2	Most recreation work calls for a good deal of pre planning .
2	All this works severely against the kind of cross-cultural communication for which Christian missions stand .
29	He catches criminals not merely because he is paid to do so ( frequently he does not receive a fee at all ) , but because he enjoys his work , because he firmly believes that murder must be punished .
3	Faulkner 's total works today , and in fact those of his works which existed in 1946 when Mr. Cowley made his comment , or in 1939 , when Mr. O' Donnell wrote his essay , reveal no such simple attitude toward the South .
19	You might try providing standard vacation time off but make the vacation pay depend on the number of hours worked in the previous year .
25	The work done by the analysts , the men who really know what folklore is all about , has no more appeal than any other work of a truly scientific sort and reaches a limited , learned audience .
2	Aeschbacher 's work is very much akin to Schnabel 's , but the sound on his Decca disc is dated , and you will have a hard time locating a copy of it .
20	Only one other contemporary of More 's evokes so immediate and direct a response , and only one other contemporary work - Niccolo Machiavelli and The Prince .
10	So simple , in fact , that it might even work - although Pamela , now , in her new frame of mind , was careful not to pretend too much assurance .
16	The theorem which we prove is more general than what we have described , since it works with the primary decomposition of the minimal polynomial , whether or not the primes which enter are all of first degree .
5	He receives remuneration for his work .
2	In the work of every artist , I suppose , there may be found one or more moments which strike the student as absolutely decisive , ultimately emblematic of what it is all about ; not less strikingly so for being mysterious , as though some deeply hidden constatation of thoughts were enciphered in a single image , a single moment .
1	She worked very hard .
21	He knew who was riding after him - the men he had known all his life , the men who had worked for him , sworn their loyalty to him .
17	Turning to the more modern versions , Curzon 's ( London ) offers the most sophisticated keyboard work .
12	`` Of late years , I find that I like best to work out-of-doors .
8	Try talking to some of the fellows he works with , friends , anyone .
6	Suppose that this one were to work ?
7	It was n't just the pressure of work , although that was the excuse I often used , even to myself .
7	The staff deserves a lot of credit working down here under real obstacles '' .
16	My wish to meet Samuel Beckett had been prompted by simple curiosity and interest in his work .
22	Not altogether a successful play , `` Epitaph for George Dillon '' overcomes through sheer vitality and power what in a lesser work might be crippling .
4	But are all these works worthy of consideration ?
9	The Man from Mars had interrupted him with his work half finished - and that stupid jackass Short was certain to louse it up .
8	Can part-time drivers be assigned to other productive work ?
13	The opposition to this point of view has its staunchest support in the work of Miller ( ' 50 ) .
9	Test it , try it , and if it works , accept it as a guiding principle .
19	It recommends that the United States `` seek instead to detach the Castro regime from the Communist bloc by working for a diplomatic detente and a resumption of trade relations ; and concentrate its constructive efforts on eliminating in other parts of Latin America the social conditions on which totalitarian nationalism feeds '' .
39	It is worth dwelling in some detail on the crisis of this story , because it brings together a number of characteristic elements and makes of them a curious , riddling compound obscurely but centrally significant for Mann 's work .
13	This involves step-by-step progress , and such will have to be the day-by-day work of lexicostatistics as a growing body of scientific inquiry .
17	Arlen is one of the few ( possibly the only ) composer Mercer has been able to work with so closely , for they held their meetings in Arlen 's study .
26	I think I was what you might call a convivial man , and yet it was when I was alone in my studio , doing my work , that I really felt alive .
31	A Highway Department source said there also is a plan there to issue some $ 3 million to $ 4 million worth of Rural Roads Authority bonds for rural road construction work .
32	The professional organizations such as American Institute of Interior Designers , National Society of Interior Designers , Home Fashions League and various trade associations , can and do aid greatly in this work .
29	It is not unfair to add on the other side that the crude and almost vitriolic approach of certain fundamentalist sects toward the cultures and religions among which they work has contributed measurably to this heightening of anti-Christian sentiment .
3	Are you watching work schedules for boiler operators , guards , and other 24 - hour day , 7 - day week operations in order to minimize overtime ?
19	These additional modern bombers will replace some of the older B-47 medium bombers ; one B-52 can do the work of several B-47 's which it will replace .
3	Beckett 's own work is an example .
32	By this time Henri 's entire chest back - lat shoulder area is pumped-up to almost bursting point , and Claude takes time to do a bit more pectoral front deltoid shaping work .
16	The task of a congregation would be defined , according to economic integration , as the work of co-opting individuals and families of similar social and economic position to replenish the nuclear core of the congregation .
7	Amy did not laugh - this was work , concentration , achievement .
6	This result is preliminary , and work is continuing .
4	The doctrine has never worked ; it is not working now .
14	Gov. Vandiver is expected to make the traditional visit to both chambers as they work toward adjournment .
4	Some persons consider the work on a farm recreational .
10	The last two writers introduce strong political bias into their works , and not unlike the union leaders that we will discuss soon , see folklore as a reservoir of protest by a downtrodden and publically silenced mass .
1	The work done by the analysts , the men who really know what folklore is all about , has no more appeal than any other work of a truly scientific sort and reaches a limited , learned audience .
2	We 'll work hard , Mr. Morgan '' .
24	Do not include all your spare time or all your family 's spare time - only what you are willing to use for farm work .
1	In working , always slip marker from one needle to another .
2	In this work , his use of non color is startling and skillful .
15	Dance teachers can respond to President Kennedy 's request not only through their regular dance work , but also through the kind of basic gymnastic work that makes for strength and flexibility .
16	Efforts such as the Community Development Program in the Philippines have demonstrated that transitional societies can work toward balanced national development .
12	A few key skilled workers experienced in the company 's type of work usually must be brought in with the plant manager , or hired away from a similar plant elsewhere .
33	Moreover , if the critic instructs his audience in what to see in a work , he is contributing to this pseudo thinking ; if he instructs them in how to evaluate a work , he is helping them to achieve their own identity .
24	The threshold mass is derived from the momentum threshold with the assumption of a mean impact velocity of * * f in the U.S. work and * * f in the U.S.S.R. work .
51	Was it supposed , perchance , that A + M ( vocational training , that is ) was quite sufficient for the immigrant class which flooded that part of the New England world in the post Civil War period , the immigrants having been brought in from Southern Europe , to work in the mills , to make up for the labor shortage caused by migration to the West ?
14	The men did not object to his sketching them while they went about their work , but no one could be persuaded to come to his studio to pose .
13	Speaking of his work with Johnny Mercer , Arlen says , `` Our working habits were strange .
18	It had come as no great surprise to Matson that the hot water in the showers did n't work , that Loren Severe had thrown up all over the stairs , or that some thieving bastard of a cop had walked off with his cigarettes .
6	It was responsible and sometimes dangerous work because the thieving is awful in the port of New York .
13	Be sure you get a perimeter heating system , and diffusers that will work as well for cooling as they do for heating .
32	If working in a zinc mine , which he once did for 87 - 1 2 cents an hour , paid more than playing center field for the Yankees , Mantle would work in a zinc mine .
33	The upshot of the evening was that I got the address of Pendleton 's studio - or rather , of the studio in which he gave his classes , for he did n't work there himself - and joined the life class , which met every Tuesday and Thursday from ten to twelve in the morning .
9	These are becoming more and more available through the work of counties and other government agencies .
12	The farmer must get up early , and , at times , work late at night .
6	Washington never had a chance to work for an extended stretch at the occupation he loved best , plantation management .
14	Has your attitude toward employee benefits encouraged an excess of free `` government '' work in your plant ?
5	The intensive treatment program is working well .
7	The ninth century was in its artistic work `` the spiritually freest and most self-sufficient between past and future '' , and the loving skill spent by its artists upon their products is a testimonial to their sense that what they were doing was important and was appreciated .
1	The work had its beginning in 1938 with an eight bar musical strain to which Koehler set the words `` There 'll be no more work / There 'll be no more worry '' , matching the spiritual feeling of the jot .
14	Moreover , if the critic instructs his audience in what to see in a work , he is contributing to this pseudo thinking ; if he instructs them in how to evaluate a work , he is helping them to achieve their own identity .
33	Two strong dissents from the majority report of the Joint Economic Committee ( May 2 ) by Senators Proxmire and Butler allege that the New Deal fiscal policy of the Thirties did not work .
21	Among us , we three handled quite a few small commissions , from spot drawings for advertising agencies uptown to magazine work and quick lettering jobs .
