2	Square each State 's allotment percentage .
24	In all other States it is the difference obtained by subtracting from 100 the result obtained in item 4 above ; except that no State shall have a Federal share less than 50 % nor more than 70 % .
68	The funds recouped by reductions in item 12 above are used : first , to increase the unadjusted allotments to the specified minimum in those States where the unadjusted allotment is less than the minimum allotment ( item 13 above ) ; and second , to increase uniformly the allotments to those States whose allotments are below their maximums , with adjustments to prevent the allotment of any State from thereby exceeding its maximum .
4	As I have repeatedly stated , this provision is much more restrictive than the general law , popularly known as the Buy American Act .
8	You reckon there 's two men in this state can shoot like that '' ?
18	The growing communications needs of this new State can best be met , as they have in other States , through the operation and development of such facilities by private enterprise .
3	Determine for each State ( except the Virgin Islands , Guam , Puerto Rico , and , prior to 1962 , Alaska and hawaii ) , that percentage which bears the same ratio to 40 % as the particular State 's average per capita income bears to the average per capita income of the United States .
3	In all other States it is the difference obtained by subtracting from 100 the result obtained in item 4 above ; except that no State shall have a Federal share less than 50 % nor more than 70 % .
19	If only state funds were used to pay for the vocational education , it could be argued that the state should not have to bear the cost of vocational training which would benefit employers in other states .
23	In order to assist the States in maintaining basic vocational rehabilitation services , Section 2 of the amended Act provides that allotments to States for support of such services be based on ( 1 ) need , as measured by a State 's population , and ( 2 ) fiscal capacity , as measured by its per capita income .
3	( Multiply the State product in item 8 above by the result obtained in item 10 above . )
8	This has an interesting analogy with the assumption stated by Philippoff that `` the deformational mechanics of elastic solids can be applied to flowing solutions '' .
5	Multiply the population of each State by the square of its allotment percentage .
3	However , he states unequivocally `` the scandals in business are far less significant than the scandals in labor '' .
21	The fruit is then cooled to 42 ` F. , a temperature at which it lapses into a sort of dormant state .
1	Wheaton stated that the public law was essentially `` limited to the civilized and Christian peoples of Europe or to those of European origin '' .
11	Party leaders came out of the final meeting apparently satisfied and stated that complete agreement had been reached on a solution to the crisis created by the elections which left no party with enough strength to form a government on its own .
30	Apparently academic challenge in the structured setting creates an optimum of stress so that the child with high anxiety is able to achieve because he is aroused to an energetic state without becoming confused or panicked .
3	Determine the particular State 's unadjusted allotment for the particular fiscal year .
34	The results of the election of 1859 found Republican candidates not only winning the offices of governor and lieutenant-governor but also obtaining the two Congressional offices from the eastern and western sections of the state .
33	The term `` State '' means the several States , the District of Columbia , the Virgin Islands , Guam and Puerto Rico ; the term `` United States '' includes the several States and the District of Columbia and excludes the Virgin Islands , Guam and Puerto Rico , and , prior to 1962 , Alaska and Hawaii .
23	The market was not far and , once there , the doctor 's sense of immediacy left him and he fell into a state of harmony with the birds around him .
7	If the resulting difference for the particular State is less or more than these extremes , the State 's allotment percentage must be raised or lowered to the appropriate extreme .
6	What determines the morality , they state , is not the means used , but the motive .
15	On October 31 , 1859 , John Brown was found guilty of treason against the state of Virginia , inciting slave rebellion , and murder .
10	It reached its ultimate philosophical statement in notions of `` state will '' put forward by the Germans , especially by Hegel , although political philosophers will recognize its origins in the rejected doctrines of Hobbes .
14	This indicates that this drug is being marketed under one trade name only or state regulatory organizations have approved its use on the feed tag .
25	Is n't it a bit odd that the three states of Southern New England ( Massachusetts , Connecticut , and Rhode Island ) have had state institutions of university status only in the very recent past , these institutions having previously been A + M colleges ?
2	Determine each State 's population .
4	Nevertheless , Montgomery has stated courageously and wisely the crisis of the Western world .
29	the term `` State '' includes the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and any possession of the United States ; and the term `` commerce '' means commerce between any State and any place outside thereof , or between points within the same State but through any place outside thereof .
3	As I have stated previously , the Attorney General has advised me that this section violates fundamental constitutional principles .
25	These are few and seemingly disjointed data , but they illustrate the important fact that fundamental alterations in conditioned reactions occur in a variety of states in which the hypothalamic balance has been altered by physiological experimentation , pharmacological action , or clinical processes .
22	In the above development we have applied the thermodynamics of equilibrium ( referred to by some as thermostatics ) to the steady state .
3	Determine the particular State 's `` allotment percentage '' .
17	Parson Weems 's George Washington became the symbol of honesty and the father image of the uniting States .
8	But He set a bound to his [ state of ] sin , by interposing death , and thus causing sin to cease , putting an end to it by the dissolution of the flesh , which should take place in the earth , so that man , ceasing at length to live in sin , and dying to it , might live to God '' .
3	( For each State , make all computations set forth in items 1 to 8 above , and then add the results obtained for each State in item 8 . )
6	It is indeed true , as stated in the famous novel of our day , `` For Whom the Bell Tolls '' , that `` no man is an island , entirely of itself ; every man is a piece of the continent , a part of the main '' .
2	A Floridian stated that his officers were `` not fit to tote guts to a bear '' .
8	We should like to re-emphasise the importance of stating results solely in terms of international units of TSH activity and of avoiding the re-introduction of biological units .
35	The Secretary of the Interior or any duly authorized representative shall be entitled to admission to , and to require reports from the operator of , any metal or nonmetallic mine which is in a State ( excluding any coal or lignite mine ) , the products of which regularly enter commerce or the operations of which substantially affect commerce , for the purpose of gathering data and information necessary for the study authorized in the first section of this Act .
38	There is one exception to the above statement as has been pointed out , and that is that fluids can relax by flowing into fields of lower rates of shear , so the statement should be modified by stating that the mechanics are similar .
11	Mrs. Long wished all the Juniors luck in the Class and stated , `` Have fun !
6	In the eastern section of the state the newspapers ' reaction to Brown 's trial and sentence were basically identical .
37	If you are unable to sign the request , because of illness or other good cause , another person who stands in close personal or business relationship to you may sign the request on your behalf , stating the reason why you are unable to sign .
29	From its inception in 1920 with the passage of Public Law 236 , 66 th Congress , the purpose of the vocational rehabilitation program has been to assist the States , by means of grants-in-aid , to return disabled men and women to productive , gainful employment .
10	And if he is so scornful of the rights of states , why not advocate a different sort of constitution that he could more sincerely support ?
50	In representing part of this new picture , I will be recounting some of my own personal experiences , reactions and judgments ; but my primary aim is to transcribe what Englishmen themselves are saying and writing and implying about the Roman and Anglican Churches and about the present religious state of England .
15	The greatest impact of the matching fund principle has been in initially encouraging the poorest states and school districts to spend enough to obtain their full allocation of outside funds .
12	Furthermore , a functional antagonism exists between an aggressive attitude and a state of anxiety .
9	Is n't it a bit odd that the three states of Southern New England ( Massachusetts , Connecticut , and Rhode Island ) have had state institutions of university status only in the very recent past , these institutions having previously been A + M colleges ?
14	Thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller European states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere .
46	Although we are still far from a complete understanding of these problems , as a first approximation , it is suggested that alterations in the hypothalamic balance with consequent changes in the hypothalamic cortical discharges account for major changes in behavior seen in various moods and states of emotions in man and beast under physiological circumstances , in experimental and clinical neurosis , and as the result of psychopharmacological agents .
13	Belief in the traditional way of life persists much more in the older states than in the new ones .
7	The bond issue will go to the state courts for a friendly test suit to test the validity of the act , and then the sales will begin and contracts let for repair work on some of Georgia 's most heavily traveled highways .
2	In most states , trade and industrial training is provided in a minority of the high schools , usually located in the larger cities .
7	If the resulting difference for the particular State is less or more than these extremes , the State 's Federal share must be raised or lowered to the appropriate extreme .
23	All Southerners agree that slavery had to go ; but many historians maintain that except for Northern meddling it would have ended in states like Virginia years before it did .
27	`` Emory University 's charter and by-laws have never required admission or rejection of students on the basis of race '' , board chairman Henry L. Bowden stated .
15	Hall , for example , was quite explicit on this point when he said `` states outside European civilization must formally enter into the circle of law governed countries .
13	For purposes of this explanation , this percentage is referred to as the States `` unadjusted Federal share '' .
1	A state of parasympathetic `` tuning '' of the hypothalamus induced experimentally causes not only an increase in the parasympathetic reactivity this structure to direct and reflexly induced stimuli , but leads also to an autonomic reversal : a stimulus acting sympathetically under control conditions elicits in this state of tuning a parasympathetic response !
32	We suggested this Class in the horse world and it was accepted immediately and included in the programs of horse shows At the recent horse show convention in New York it was stated that this Intermediate Judging Class is meeting with great success and will be a great help to future judges in the horse world .
24	In view of the important role which emotional disturbances play in the genesis of neurotic and psychotic disorders and the parallelism observed between autonomic states and psychological behavior in several instances , it is further suggested that a hypothalamic imbalance may play an important role in initiating mental changes .
9	A prepared statement released by the student group Friday stated that `` extensive research by COAHR into techniques and methods of theater integration in other cities indicated that the presence of picket lines and stand-ins before segregated theaters causes a drop in profits '' .
8	After three months of research , I can state unequivocally that Los Angeles drivers are considerably more courteous and competent than any other drivers I 've ever encountered .
7	The fundamental differences between physiological and pathological states of parasympathetic ( and also of sympathetic ) dominance remain to be elucidated .
46	It has further been shown that : ( 1 ) an experimental neurosis in its initial stages is associated with a reversible shift in the central autonomic balance ; ( 2 ) drugs altering the hypothalamic balance alter conditioned reactions ; ( 3 ) in a state of depression , the positive conditioned stimulus may fail to elicit a conditioned reaction but cause an increased synchrony instead of the excitatory desynchronizing ( alerting ) effect on the EEG .
19	Upon receiving the news , Northern writers , editors , and clergymen heaped accusations of murder on the Southern states , particularly Virginia .
17	If the resulting difference for the particular State is less or more than these extremes , the State 's Federal share must be raised or lowered to the appropriate extreme .
27	The TEA estimated there would be 182 scholastics to attend the day school in Dallas County , saving them from coming to Austin to live in the state deaf school .
4	Superintendents at dog shows state it is becoming more difficult to obtain a licensed Handler to Judge Junior Showmanship Competition .
24	In all other States it is the difference obtained by subtracting from 100 the result obtained in item 4 above ; except that no State shall have an allotment percentage less than 33 - 1 3 % nor more than 75 % .
8	Is it not ironical that Roger Williams 's state , Rhode Island , should have been the very last of the forty-eight to establish a state university ?
11	He recalled that in Rhode Island a party opposed to the state 's condemnation of a man ( Thomas W. Dorr ) proclaimed the state 's action as a violation of the law of the land and the principles of human liberty .
18	Determine the ratio that the amount being allotted is to the sum of the products for all the States .
15	Determine the sum of the products obtained in item 8 above , for all the States .
2	For each State ( except Puerto Rico , Guam , the Virgin Islands , and , prior to 1962 , Alaska and Hawaii ) determine average per capita income based on the last three years .
14	The bill would increase from $ 5000000 to $ 15000000 the maximum loan the state could make to a local water project .
3	In all other States it is the difference obtained by subtracting from 100 the result obtained in item 4 above ; except that no State shall have an allotment percentage less than 33 - 1 3 % nor more than 75 % .
13	Apart from the honeybee , practically all bees and bumblebees hibernate in a state of torpor .
24	According to Whipple ( 1955 ) , cometary debris is sufficient to replenish the material spiraling into the sun , maintaining a fairly steady state .
6	And no doubt many people in states like the Carolinas and Georgia , which were among the most Tory in sentiment in the eighteenth century , bitterly regretted the revolt against the Crown .
5	The provisions for determining a State 's unadjusted Federal share are designed to reflect the varying financial resources among the States .
38	Determine for each State ( except the Virgin Islands , Guam and Puerto Rico , and , prior to 1962 , Alaska and Hawaii ) that percentage which bears the same ratio to 50 % as the particular State 's average per capita income bears to the average per capita income of the U. S. .
17	If the resulting difference for the particular State is less or more than these extremes , the State 's allotment percentage must be raised or lowered to the appropriate extreme .
0	States were free to enact , within broad though ( perhaps ) determinate limits , their own rules as to the application of foreign law by their courts , to vary the law merchant , and to enact legislation with regard to many claims arising on the high seas .
11	Unlimited game bags are possible and legal in more than 40 states , on shooting preserves ( one of the newer phases of modern game management ) for five and six months each year .
26	The Administration 's proposals , complex and sweeping as they are , all deal with fringe areas of the housing market rather than its core , stated Caron S. Stallard , first vice-president of the Mortgage Bankers Association of America .
25	First , and most obvious , was the growing nationalism and the tendency to regard the state , and the individual 's identification with the state , as transcending other ties of social solidarity .
43	The infamous Wansee Conference called by Heydrich in January 1942 , to organize the material and technical means to put to death the eleven million Jews spread throughout the nations of Europe , was attended by representatives of major organs of the German state , including the Reich Minister of the Interior , the State Secretary in charge of the Four Year Plan , the Reich Minister of Justice , the Under Secretary of Foreign Affairs .
49	Accordingly , it is the aim of this essay to advance a new theory of imitation ( which I shall call mimesis in order to distinguish it from earlier theories of imitation ) and a new theory of invention ( which I shall call symbol for reasons to be stated hereafter ) .
35	Sir Robert Watson-Watt 's `` rebuttal '' of Sir Charles Snow 's Godkin Lectures is marred throughout by too forceful a desire to defend Lindemann and apparently himself from Sir Charles ' supposed falsehoods while stating those `` falsehoods '' in an unclear incoherent argument .
7	Whosoever violates our rooftree , the legend states , can expect maximal sorrow .
3	The term `` State '' means the several States , the District of Columbia , the Virgin Islands , Guam and Puerto Rico ; the term `` United States '' includes the several States and the District of Columbia and excludes the Virgin Islands , Guam and Puerto Rico , and , prior to 1962 , Alaska and Hawaii .
2	For the States which maintain two separate agencies - one for the vocational rehabilitation of the blind , and one for the rehabilitation of persons other than the blind - the Act specifies that their minimum ( base ) allotment shall be divided between the two agencies in the same proportion as it was divided in fiscal year 1954 .
35	If this aspect of death as punishment is not distinguished from the idea of death as natural termination , the conclusion seems inevitable that temporal existence itself is a form of punishment rather than the state into which man is put by the will of the Creator .
2	( Each State 's unadjusted allotment for any fiscal year , which exceeds its minimum allotment described in item 13 below by a percentage greater than one and one-half times the percentage by which the sum being allotted exceeds $ 23000000 , must be reduced by the amount of the excess . )
0	State and federal legislation against racial discrimination in employment was called for yesterday in a report of a `` blue ribbon '' citizens committee on the aid to dependent children program .
4	The opportunity exists for states to reserve some of their vocational education funds to apply on an ad hoc flexible basis to subsidize any local preemployment training programs that my be quickly set up in a community to aid a new industrial plant .
18	Much of the available information comes not from the Federal government but from an exchange of experiences among states .
11	Or , on the other hand , are unlikely facts being stated , facts which are in themselves significant and not easily applicable to everybody ?
21	Despite the excitement being caused by the trial and sentence of John Brown , Rhode Islanders turned their attention to the state elections .
16	The two fluids which gave the small negative pressures were polybutenes with molecular weights which were stated to be 520 and 300 .
8	This prime element of the truth may be stated as follows :
11	The guest list is in itself a little parable of the state of American civic life at this time .
19	The percentage of Federal participation in such costs for any State is referred to in the law as that State 's `` Federal share '' .
10	The drug 's chemical name is listed , since most states require feed processors to use this name instead of the trade name on the feed tag .
20	The provisions for determining a State 's unadjusted Federal share are designed to reflect the varying financial resources among the States .
2	May we state with confidence that in such an exhibition a republic will find its greatest security ?
16	Does that not suggest to you an uncertain and uneasy , not to say confused , state of the public mind ?
14	Southern China , all of southeast Asia , southern India and Ceylon , these states of the Malay Federation spoke Bazaar .
12	Although the tape was run for over 1 hr. , a steady state was not reached , and it was concluded that the reason for this was that the back pressure of the manometer was built up from the material fed from between the blocks and this was available at a very slow rate .
3	To assist the States , therefore , in rehabilitating handicapped individuals , `` so that they may prepare for and engage in remunerative employment to the extent of their capabilities '' , the 83 rd Congress enacted the Vocational Rehabilitation Amendments of 1954 ( P. L. 565 ) .
2	It was stated earlier that one purpose of this study was to extend the analysis of variability of Onset and Completion in each of the 21 growth centers somewhat beyond that provided by the data in Tables 1 and 2 .
11	The largest hurdle the Republicans would have to face is a state law which says that before making a first race , one of two alternative courses must be taken :
9	The Providence Daily Journal answered the Daily Post by stating that the raid of John Brown was characteristic of Democratic acts of violence and that `` He was acting in direct opposition to the Republican Party , who proclaim as one of their cardinal principles that they do not interfere with slavery in the states '' .
32	Here again laboratory approaches are being evolved , for it is recognized how `` elastic '' these readings can be , how they can apply to many people , and are often stated in general terms all too easily applied to any individual 's own case .
15	Religion usually also includes a principle of compensation , mainly in a promised perfect future state .
5	In order to assist the States in maintaining basic vocational rehabilitation services , Section 2 of the amended Act provides that allotments to States for support of such services be based on ( 1 ) need , as measured by a State 's population , and ( 2 ) fiscal capacity , as measured by its per capita income .
36	The European customs on which international law was based were to become , by force and fiat , the customs that others were to accept as law if they were to join this community as sovereign states .
2	He again stated that he was `` a regular minister '' ; that he was `` devoting an average of 100 hours a month to actual preaching publicly '' , in addition to 50 to 75 hours in other ministerial duties , and that he opposed war in any form .
22	But Michael Sept had unmasked him , revealing he had never been a bishop , but was an Anabaptist , afraid to state his faith , because he knew John Calvin had written a book against their belief that the soul slept after death .
11	The 1958 town meeting directed town authorities to seek federal and state funds with which to conduct a preliminary survey of a proposed sewage plant with its attendant facilities .
24	In reply to a letter in today 's `` voice '' urging the sale of meat after 6 p. m. , I wish to state the other side of the story .
36	In the only sense in which badness is involved at all , whatever was bad in the first case is still present in its entirety , since all that is expressed in either case is a state of feeling , and that feeling is still there .
2	Even the states remain primarily in an assisting role , providing leadership and teacher training .
17	In 1914 , the Clayton Act attempted to take labor out from under the anti-trust legislation by stating that human labor was not to be considered a commodity .
8	During the Brown trial , however , the state 's most powerful Democratic newspaper , the Providence Daily Post , stated that Brown was a murderer , a man of blood , and that he and his associates , with the assistance of Republicans and Abolitionists , had plotted not only the liberation of the slaves but also the overthrow of state and federal governments .
1	The state may decide to encourage local programs by paying half of the cost , or the state may require the local district to bear this half or some part of it .
20	And another one comes to me and he says , ' Look here , there 's a mill in my state employs five thousand people making uniforms for the Navy .
25	The funds recouped by reductions in item 12 above are used : first , to increase the unadjusted allotments to the specified minimum in those States where the unadjusted allotment is less than the minimum allotment ( item 13 above ) ; and second , to increase uniformly the allotments to those States whose allotments are below their maximums , with adjustments to prevent the allotment of any State from thereby exceeding its maximum .
43	Regardless of its unadjusted allotment , each State is guaranteed by law a minimum allotment each year equal to the allotment which it received in fiscal year 1954 - increased by a uniform percentage of 5.4865771 which brings total 1954 allotments to all States up to $ 23000000 .
3	Determine the particular State 's `` Federal Share '' .
15	( Multiply the result obtained in item 3 above by the amount used for each State in item 1 above . )
24	He was also personally active in ward politics , and by 1924 O ' Banion had acquired sufficient political might to be able to state : `` I always deliver my borough as per requirements '' .
20	The following table shows , for selected years , the authorizations , appropriations , allotment base , Federal grants to States and State matching funds for this part of the grant program .
5	Geneva must remain a sovereign state .
41	In order to assist the States in maintaining basic vocational rehabilitation services , Section 2 of the amended Act provides that allotments to States for support of such services be based on ( 1 ) need , as measured by a State 's population , and ( 2 ) fiscal capacity , as measured by its per capita income .
16	Before we comment further on these pathological conditions , we should remember that changes in the state of the hypothalamus within physiological limits distinguish sleep from wakefulness .
33	The term `` State '' means the several States , the District of Columbia , the Virgin Islands , Guam and Puerto Rico ; the term `` United States '' includes the several States and the District of Columbia , and excludes the Virgin Islands , Guam and Puerto Rico , and , prior to 1962 , Alaska and Hawaii .
7	Another Yankee became so disgusted as to state : `` I wish to God one half of our officers were knocked in the head by slinging them against [ the other half ] '' .
21	Similarly , the American Cancer Society ( ACS ) , the Arthritis and Rheumatism Foundation , and the BBB have each stated lately that medical quackery is at a new high .
8	The term `` State '' means the several States , the District of Columbia , the Virgin Islands , Guam and Puerto Rico ; the term `` United States '' includes the several States and the District of Columbia and excludes the Virgin Islands , Guam and Puerto Rico , and , prior to 1962 , Alaska and Hawaii .
5	The long settled areas of states like Virginia and South Carolina developed the ante-bellum culture to its richest flowering , and there the memory is more precious , and the consciousness of loss the greater .
39	Determine for each State ( except the Virgin Islands , Guam , Puerto Rico , and , prior to 1962 , Alaska and hawaii ) , that percentage which bears the same ratio to 40 % as the particular State 's average per capita income bears to the average per capita income of the United States .
27	The Mecholyl and noradrenalin tests applied with certain precautions are reliable indicators of this central autonomic balance , but for the sake of correlating autonomic and clinical states , and of studying the effect of certain therapeutic procedures on central autonomic reactions , additional tests seem to be desirable .
11	The pre 1960 rate of Federal participation with respect to any State 's base allotment , as well as the adjusted rate in effect during the 1960 - 1962 period , is designated by the statute as that State 's `` adjusted Federal Share '' .
25	( For each State , make all computations set forth in items 1 to 8 above , and then add the results obtained for each State in item 8 . )
27	Strikes should be declared illegal against corporations because disagreements would have to be settled by government representatives acting as controllers of the corporation whose responsibility to the state would now be defined against proprietorship because employees and proprietors must be completely interdependent , as they are each a part of the whole .
11	For a number of years Kentucky , Louisiana and several other states have been building state sponsored vocational education schools that serve nearby school districts in several counties .
51	Whenever New England liberalism is reminded of the dramatic confrontation of Parker and the fraternity on January 23 , 1843 - while it may defend the privilege of Chandler Robbins to demand that Parker leave the Association , while it may plead that Dr. N. L. Frothingham had every warrant for stating , `` The difference between Trinitarians and Unitarians is a difference in Christianity ; the difference between Mr. Parker and the Association is a difference between no Christianity and Christianity '' - despite these supposed conclusive assurances , the modern liberal heaves repeatedly a sigh of relief , of positive thanksgiving , that the Association never quite brought itself officially to expel Parker .
2	I must state that the faster things happened , the slower they happened ; the passage and rhythm of time changed , and when I remember back to what happened then , each event is a separate and frozen incident .
17	It lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially unconnected with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations .
8	That 's a big step toward a modern state .
1	A state , the highest form of human organization in fact and theory , could be subjected to Law only by a manifestation of self-will , or consent .
2	Felix Kopstein states that `` when the snake reaches its maturity it has already reached about its maximal length '' , but goes on to cite the reticulate python as an exception , with maximum length approximately three times that at maturity .
15	A recent study on radiation exposure by the AEC 's division of biology and medicine stated : `` The question of the biological effect of [ radiation ] doses is not considered '' herein .
19	Counsel for the Government invited du Pont 's views on this proposal before recommending a specific program , but stated that if the court desired , or if counsel for du Pont thought further discussion would not be profitable , the Government was prepared to submit a plan within thirty days .
10	By 1960 there were such schools in all but 4 states .
16	First , and most obvious , was the growing nationalism and the tendency to regard the state , and the individual 's identification with the state , as transcending other ties of social solidarity .
24	He recalled that in Rhode Island a party opposed to the state 's condemnation of a man ( Thomas W. Dorr ) proclaimed the state 's action as a violation of the law of the land and the principles of human liberty .
20	So much for the tiresome facts , as familiar to you , I'm sure , as to the constables and state troopers who followed in your wake .
11	A Yank writing from Vicksburg , May 28 , 1863 , stated `` Not less than 50 balls have passed over me since I commenced writing .
19	An amazing article in the Manchester Guardian of last November , entitled `` Fate of Redundant Churches '' , states than an Archbishops ' Commission `` reported last month that in the Church of England alone there are 790 churches which are redundant now , or will be in 20 years ' time .
1	I state categorically that we shall under no circumstances resort to the use of such weapons unless they are first used by our enemies '' .
98	This behavior on her part subsided only after I had come to see the uncomfortably close similarity between , on the one hand , her arranging the ventilation of the common living room to her own liking , or turning the television off or on without regard to the wishes of the others , and on the other hand , my own coming stolidly into her room despite her persistent and vociferous objections , bringing my big easy chair with me , usually shutting the windows of her room which she preferred to keep in a very cold state , and plunking myself down in my chair - in short , behaving as if I owned her room .
48	A state of parasympathetic `` tuning '' of the hypothalamus induced experimentally causes not only an increase in the parasympathetic reactivity this structure to direct and reflexly induced stimuli , but leads also to an autonomic reversal : a stimulus acting sympathetically under control conditions elicits in this state of tuning a parasympathetic response !
10	Upon such sale , there shall be returned to any State or public agency which has contributed financial assistance under section 3 of this joint resolution a proper share of the net proceeds of the sale .
31	Nor did the Trial devote much attention to exposing the usefulness of anti-Semitism to the Nazis , both in building their own power and in destroying that of rival organizations and states .
10	Kate moved through all the preparations and services in a state of bewilderment .
3	These objectives are stated here because of their importance in understanding the current activities of the Planning Division .
1	Fifteen stated that it was according to location , four by residence of the owner , and nineteen did not answer .
2	Twenty-seven assessors stated that they were in favor of improved means for assessing movable personal property , and only five were opposed .
24	Consequently , if for any reason the hypothalamic excitability falls below the physiological level , the lessened hypothalamic cortical discharges lead to a diminished state of activity in the cortex with consequent reduction in the cortico-fugal discharges .
19	The maximum suction was 3.25 '' of test fluid measured from the top of the block , and steady states were apparently reached with these fluids .
20	During the Brown trial , however , the state 's most powerful Democratic newspaper , the Providence Daily Post , stated that Brown was a murderer , a man of blood , and that he and his associates , with the assistance of Republicans and Abolitionists , had plotted not only the liberation of the slaves but also the overthrow of state and federal governments .
6	Smaller systems can of course be stated much more succinctly .
0	Stated in its simplest terms , the main job of the Planning Division is to plan for the future of the State of Rhode Island .
0	State representatives decided Thursday against taking a poll on what kind of taxes Texans would prefer to pay .
3	Robert Snodgrass , state GOP chairman , said a meeting held Tuesday night in Blue Ridge brought enthusiastic responses from the audience .
26	In his recognition of his impersonal self the dancer moves , and this self , in the `` first revealed stroke of its existence '' , states the theme from which all else must follow .
7	But he did recommend that President Kennedy state clearly that if Communist countries shipped any further arms to Cuba that it would not be tolerated .
3	It permits the state to take over bank accounts , stocks and other personal property of persons missing for seven years or more .
15	Augustus Baldwin Longstreet , a preacher and a college and university president in four Southern states , published the earliest of these backwoods sketches and in the character Ransy Sniffle , in the accounts of sharp horse-trading and eye gouging physical combat , and in the shockingly unliterary speech of his characters , he set an example followed by many after him .
31	In a similar vein , but writing from the opposite side , Thomas Taylor , a private in the 6 th Alabama Volunteers , in a letter to his wife , stated : `` You know that my heart is with you but I never could have been satisfied to have staid at home when my country is invaded by a thievin foe By a set of cowardly Skunks whose Motto is Booty .
1	To state fully what the Bible means as my daily spiritual food is as intimate and difficult as to formulate the reasons for loving my nearest and dearest relatives and friends .
33	Rep. Mac Barber of Commerce is asking the House in a privilege resolution to `` endorse increased federal support for public education , provided that such funds be received and expended '' as state funds .
11	These areas by virtue of their abrupt density of pattern , stated the literal surface with such new and superior force that the resulting contrast drove the simulated printing into a depth from which it could be rescued - and set to shuttling again - only by conventional perspective ; that is , by being placed in such relation to the forms depicted within the illusion that these forms left no room for the typography except near the surface .
13	R. H. S. Crossman , M.P. , writing in The Manchester Guardian , states that departures from West Berlin are now running at the rate not of 700 , but of 1700 a week , and applications to leave have risen to 1900 a week .
56	I called the other afternoon on my old friend , Graves Moreland , the Anglo-American literary critic - his mother was born in Ohio - who lives alone in a fairy-tale cottage on the Upson Downs , raising hell and peacocks , the former only when the venerable gentleman becomes an angry old man about the state of literature or something else that is dwindling and diminishing , such as human stature , hope , and humor .
54	The Providence Daily Journal answered the Daily Post by stating that the raid of John Brown was characteristic of Democratic acts of violence and that `` He was acting in direct opposition to the Republican Party , who proclaim as one of their cardinal principles that they do not interfere with slavery in the states '' .
7	While the phonemes can be very easily stated , no one is likely to be satisfied with the statement until phonemic occurrences can be related in some way to morphemic units , i. e. until the morphophonemics is worked out , or at least far enough that it seems reasonable to expect success .
4	The laws of many states permit birth control only for medical reasons .
22	The bill is designed to provide special schooling for more deaf students in the scholastic age at a reduced cost to the state .
11	I 've got a quarter of a million Germans in my state , and those krautheads tune in on Father Werther every night , and if he tells them to go out and piss in the public square , that 's what they do .
36	the magnitude of effort and costs of each of these possible phases of an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) ; and the scope and adequacy of State mine safety laws applicable to such mines and the enforcement of such laws .
4	Determine if the particular State 's unadjusted allotment ( result obtained in item 11 above ) is less than its minimum ( base ) allotment , and if so raise its unadjusted allotment to its minimum allotment .
3	the term `` State '' includes the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and any possession of the United States ; and the term `` commerce '' means commerce between any State and any place outside thereof , or between points within the same State but through any place outside thereof .
2	For each State ( except the Virgin Islands , Guam , Puerto Rico , and , prior to 1962 , Alaska and Hawaii ) , determine the average per capita income for the last three years .
36	The long road that had taken liberals in this country into the social religion of democracy , into a worship of man , led logically to the Marxist dream of a classless society under a Socialist State .
33	Although in both emotions sympathetic symptoms are present , different autonomic somatic patterns underlie aggression and anxiety , respectively , as indicated by the rate of the excretion of the catecholamines , the state of the muscle tone , and the Mecholyl test .
26	This is the force , in our time and in every other time , that urges the paranoiac and the manic-depressive to become head of a state .
