5	There will of course be times for delay and inaction .
7	These societies can expect to face difficult times .
19	Another veteran telephone operator was Edith Fleming Blackmer , who had been in the office forty years at the time of her death in 1960 .
7	Make sure you have minimum age and time on the job requirements tied into your pension plan .
9	This agreement is considered very good for such short time intervals .
30	The extent to which the public limit price is raised by a given increase in the basic wage rate is itself a function of three things : the passage of time , the level of GNP , and the size of the wage increase .
15	That is to say Gabriel 's fundamental law had been so much modified by this time that it was neither fundamental nor law any more .
14	`` At three o'clock if it will be of convenience to you at that time '' .
52	An amazing article in the Manchester Guardian of last November , entitled `` Fate of Redundant Churches '' , states than an Archbishops ' Commission `` reported last month that in the Church of England alone there are 790 churches which are redundant now , or will be in 20 years ' time .
17	After the collapse of that desperate and ill-fated campaign the character of the king degenerated for a time into a futility that was not merely pitiable but often ridiculous .
17	It was approximately one month before the belt problem was noticed and corrected , but at no time was there a deficiency of dissolved oxygen .
7	And Anthony was busy most of the time courting this girl and that .
0	Time to go , I supposed .
10	Spread your vacation period over the widest possible span of time or shut the plant down for two weeks .
12	She brought up her free hand to hit him , but this time he was quicker .
6	The two top talents of the time , Mickey Mantle and Willie Mays , have hit the ball harder and more successfully so far this early season than at any period in careers which , to be frank about it , never have quite reached expectations .
20	If it was , then it must have been God 's intention to translate him at a certain point from time to eternity .
39	This way of escape is theoretically possible , but since it has grave difficulties of its own and has not , so far as I know , been urged by positivists , it is perhaps best not to spend time over it .
20	Then on Monday morning - or it might have to be Tuesday - get up and leave just the usual time , and last thing , put the money in an envelope under the old woman 's purse there in the drawer .
18	about three years are required , there being a possible slight difference between males and females in the time required .
8	He was in his mid fifties at this time , long past the establishment of his name and the wish to be lionized yet once again , and it was almost a decade since he had sworn off lecturing .
12	He admitted that he knew it was open to him at all times , and he could have rebutted it before the hearing officer .
5	There was just too much time .
4	`` Is n't enough time to go into it '' , he finished , and slammed the door in his son 's face .
12	This is the force , in our time and in every other time , that urges the paranoiac and the manic-depressive to become head of a state .
2	At these times he felt a kind of pain in his upper chest , but it was an objective pain , in no way different from others in intensity and not different in kind ; it was like the bandaged wound on the back of his head which occasionally throbbed ; it was merely another part of his weakness .
13	With a sneer , the man spread his legs and , a third time , confronted them .
19	In the first of these sentences if by is the complement of come and Tuesday is an adjunct of time equivalent to on Tuesday , there will be strong stress on by in the spoken language ; but if a complement for come is implied and by Tuesday is a prepositional unit used as an adjunct , by will be unstressed or lightly stressed at most .
15	When they have 4 to 6 leaves and are thrifty little plants , it 's time to set them out where they are to remain .
26	Besides , Miss Henrietta - as she was generally known since she had put up her hair with a chignon in the back - had little time to spare them from her teaching and writing ; so Cyrus Adler became interested in her friend Racie Friedenwald , and Joe Jastrow - the only young man who when he wrote had the temerity to address her as Henrietta , and signed himself Joe - fell in love with pretty sister Rachel .
5	The cells were washed three times with saline , anti human serum was added , the cells were resuspended , and the mixture was centrifuged at 1000 rpm for 1 min and examined for agglutination .
6	`` We 've got plenty of time to think about that .
6	The two men sat for some time , savoring the pleasure of escape from peril and the relief such escape brings , before they got up and left the hotel , the doctor to go to the conference house and Alex to go to the main post office .
13	Like Holmes , the American private eye rejects the social conventions of his time .
2	`` The time has come '' , the walrus said , `` To speak of manic things , Of shots and shouts , and sealing dooms Of commoners and kings '' .
3	`` It 's time you began to think on God , Stephen .
2	When enough time had elapsed so that there was little likelihood of his returning for something he had forgotten , Harold went out into the hall and stood looking into one room after another .
1	This time as a musician .
5	I bobbed my head each time it appeared .
2	A short time ago all Africa was a Western preserve .
8	Caldwell 's resignation had been expected for some time .
28	one cannot assume , of course , that all these accumulated meanings were inherent in the stereotype at the beginning of the therapy , or at any one time later on when the stereotype was uttered ; probably it is correct to think of it as a matter of a well grooved , stereotyped mode of expression - and no , or but a few , other communicational grooves , as yet - being there , available for the patient 's use , as newly emerging emotions and ideas well up in him over the course of months .
15	More than 36 other big Navy ships are no less than a day 's sailing time away .
40	The embarrassment of these theories over the naturalness of death is an illustration of the thesis that death cannot be only a punishment , for some termination seems necessary in a life that is lived within the natural order of time and change .
9	If the reserve components are to serve effectively in time of war , their basic organization and objectives must conform to the changing character and missions of the active forces .
2	At no time were algae found in the mixed liquor .
16	National leaders will have to display the highest skills of statesmanship to guide their people through times of uncertainty and confusion which destroy men 's sense of identity .
8	And the policy officer has the hounds of time snapping at his heels .
13	Unions stress fringe benefits , but the individual hourly worker prefers cash every time .
12	Under unusual circumstances a resident individual may be granted an extension of time to file a return .
23	Almost everything about the movies that is peculiarly of the movies derives from a tension created and maintained between narrative time and film time .
4	`` Not too much time , because I 'll be needing some more myself pretty much right away .
7	This is the force , in our time and in every other time , that urges the paranoiac and the manic-depressive to become head of a state .
12	There was a question and answer gag that went around at that time : Q. `` Who 'll carry the Forty-second and Forty-third wards '' ?
23	As s approaches T the square will be outside C and therefore both **f and **f must cross C an odd number of times as s varies from zero to T .
2	At this time a detailed neuromuscular examination revealed diffuse muscle atrophy that was moderate in the hands and feet , but more marked in the shoulders , hips , and pelvic girdle , with hypoactive deep tendon reflexes .
15	The drama in the theater and the concert in the hall both have a fixed time , but the time is fixed by the director and the players , the conductor and the instrumentalists , subject , therefore , to much variation , as record collectors well know .
8	After it has reached terminal velocity , the time for the tape to travel a known distance is recorded .
2	Since that time the telegraph office has shifted in location from the railroad station at the Depot and shops at the Center back to the town clerk 's office and drugstore at the Village .
14	`` Do you have any idea who might have been in charge at the time '' ?
16	We repeat , that the test of a violation of 7 is whether , at the time of suit , there is a reasonable probability that the acquisition is likely to result in the condemned restraints .
8	Inspect the site in the field during the time of the year when the area will be most heavily used for recreation .
19	In the fifth , Wally Post slashed a 2 - run homer off Bud Daley , but by that time the score was 11 - 5 and it really did n't matter .
11	Even if the electric power fails after an attack , any time that the heater has been used will make the shelter that much more comfortable .
61	She glanced at the man nodding beside her , a man with weather cracks furrowed into his lean cheeks , with powdery pale eyes reflecting all the droughts he had seen , reflecting the sky and the drought which must follow now in August - yes , with eyes predicting the drought and here it was only June , only festival time again and thoughts of Gratt Shafer would not leave her .
18	For prevention of ketosis , feed 1 4 pound per head daily for 6 weeks commencing at calving time .
24	Jury , judge and executioner were riding the range in the form of a single unknown figure that could materialize anywhere , at any time , to dispense an ancient brand of justice the men of the new West had believed long outdated .
8	I think I 've taken it about fifty times already '' ! winking at Joel 's look of shock .
8	She swung the quirt again , and this time he caught her wrist and pulled her out of the saddle .
3	After a short time , both George and Donald joined the class with me so they would n't feel lonely , and we used to hang a sign on the door of the Brush-off reading `` out to work '' .
6	The lazy sing-song was spaced in time like the drone of a bumble-bee .
19	The debris of his other careers was piled everywhere ; a pile of wire cages for mice from his time as a geneticist and a microscope lying on its side on the window sill , vertical steel columns wired for support to the open ceiling beams with spidery steel cantilevers jutting out into the air , masonry constructions on the floor from the time he was inventing his disastrous fireplace whose smoke would pass through a whole house , visible all the way up through wire gratings on each floor .
3	About that same time John Crosby 's TV series on the popular arts proved again that giving jazz ample breathing space is one of the most sensible things a producer can do .
3	At about the time the Marsden enterprise was getting under way , the Vail Light and Lumber Company started construction of a chair stock factory on the site of the present Bennington Co-operative Creamery , intending to use its surplus power for generating electricity .
12	`` He knocked down the interference and made key stops lots of times .
5	Not once , in the time that he had known her , had he ever considered the possibility , not once , not for one one-thousandth of a second , of her infidelity .
21	The old nightmare which had caused him so many wakeful hours came charging in on him once more , only this time he could n't pacify it with a sleeping pill and send it away .
59	It would be profitable , I believe , to read these realistic humorists alongside Faulkner 's works , the thought being not that he necessarily read them and owed anything to them directly , but rather that they dealt a hundred years ago with a class of people and a type of life which have continued down to our time , to Faulkner 's time .
7	By means of charts showing wave travel times and depths in the ocean at various locations , it is possible to estimate the rate of approach and probable time of arrival at Hawaii of a tsunami getting under way at any spot in the Pacific .
21	Again , he may discover embodied within its texture a theme or idea that has been presented elsewhere and at other times in various ways .
4	There will come a time in a basement shelter when the radiation has decayed enough to allow use of the whole basement .
14	These vehicles , with large sensitive areas , have collected data for long enough times to give reliable impact rates for the periods of exposure .
1	Some time later , after a check had been made of all automatic equipment , the crew would join the others .
2	By the time Felix turned up it was early afternoon , which , one would think , would be late enough so that by then , except for small children and a few hardy souls who had not yet sobered up , it could have been expected that people would no longer be having any sort of active interest in the previous night 's noisemakers and paper hats .
1	This time there was no sound of brakes but the shrieking of women .
67	Too often a beginning bodybuilder has to do his training secretly either because his parents do n't want sonny-boy to `` lift all those old barbell things '' because `` you 'll stunt your growth '' or because childish taunts from his schoolmates , like `` Hey , lookit Mr. America , whaddya gonna do with all those muscles ( of which he has none at the time ) '' ?
6	All of this happening in a time of their lives when their youth and their brotherhood knitted them together as no other time or circumstance could .
16	But now we can keep it out no longer , because we have come into a time when `` it invades our experience at every moment .
10	`` I seen a lot o ' things in my time .
12	The Holy Sacrifice of the Mass with commentary has been televised several times in recent months .
30	Whether or not Plato 's tale of the lost continent of Atlantis is true , skeptics concede that the myth may have some foundation in a great tsunami of ancient times .
25	Accordingly , if epiphyseal diaphyseal fusion occurs in this phalanx near menarche , early and late menarches might have been forecast rather precisely at the time of Onset of ossification for the 18 girls with `` same schedule '' .
2	As the time drew near for the drawing of the British American frontier by terms of the agreement of 1818 , the company suspected that the Pembina colony - its own post and Fort Daer - was on American territory .
2	Was there time ?
4	In the relatively short time since these early observations , Venus has been observed at additional wave lengths in the range from 0.8 to 10.2 cm , and Jupiter has been observed over the wave-length range from 3.03 to 68 cm .
24	Failure confirms the threat , and the intensity of anxiety is increased as the required learning becomes more difficult , so that by the time the child reaches the third grade the decrement in performance is pronounced .
14	Almost immediately she was ashamed of herself for feeling vain , at such a time , in such a place , and she tossed back her long yellow hair , smiling shyly as she entered the room .
0	Time plays an essential part in our mortality , and suddenly for no reason he could imagine ( or admit ) the image of Peg laughing filled his mind - so desirable , so lusty , so full of nuances of pleasure and joy .
9	Arlene had a hard voice , too , this time .
25	It represents a punishment that he knows he deserves , but it also symbolizes most dramatically that he lives his life within the process of time .
41	Such efforts almost always find themselves compelled to ask whether Adam was created capable of growing old and then older and then still older , in short , whether Adam 's life was intended to be part of the process of time .
23	`` But when I arrived and recognised a number of notorious characters I had thrown into the detective bureau basement half a dozen times , I knew I had been framed , and withdrew almost at once '' .
17	The `` leapfrog '' was a phenomenon of the railroad and the steam turbine , and the time when the belts of residence surrounding the old factory area were not yet blighted .
48	The part of the mind that preserves dates and events may remonstrate , `` It could have been like that for only a little while '' ; but true memory does not count nor add : it holds fast to things that were and they are outside of time .
14	However , there always is some limit to the numbers who will spend the time and effort to acquire training .
5	`` Seems to me last time I was here the grate bellowed out smoke as it might have been preparing us for hell '' .
34	No sympathy or admiration for Brown could be found in the Providence Daily Post , for the editor claimed that there were a score of men in the state prison who were a thousand times more deserving of sympathy .
1	Some time in 1912 , Picasso cut out and folded a piece of paper in the shape of a guitar ; to this he glued and fitted other pieces of paper and four taut strings , thus creating a sequence of flat surfaces in real and sculptural space to which there clung only the vestige of a picture plane .
2	`` Several times I found the players pepping me up , where it usually is the coach who is supposed to deliver the fight talk .
8	How in the world had he formerly found time to build up a business , raise a family , be on half a dozen boards , work actively on committees and either go out in the evening or plow through the contents of a bulging brief case ?
2	By that time we should be in a much better position to determine the value of that aircraft as a weapon system .
12	Time is built into the motion picture , which cannot exist without time .
12	Taxpayers residing or traveling in Alaska are also allowed this extension of time for filing , but those residing or traveling in Hawaii are not allowed this automatic extension .
3	In narrative , time is essential , as it is in film .
70	He could no longer build anything , whether a private residence in his Pennsylvania county or a church in Brazil , without it being obvious that he had done it , and while here and there he was taken to task for again developing the same airy technique , they were such fanciful and sometimes even playful buildings that the public felt assured by its sense of recognition after a time , a quality of authentic uniqueness about them , which , once established by an artist as his private vision , is no longer disputable as to its other values .
3	And by the time the war ended , liberal leadership in this country was spiritually Marxist .
22	Every man who dabbles in the market to make a little easy money on the side and suffers losses could at the time hardly face his wife who was wondering how her husband could be so dumb .
10	From the point of view of the applicants , less time was wasted in being evaluated - and they got a meal out of it as well as some insights into their performances .
57	The two little bangs meant that he was getting impatient to have a crowd of customers waited on and that if he had to he would jerk open the door and drag out , by the opposite door handle which she would be clutching , whichever-the-hell clerk it was who thought she could waste so much store time on the pot .
3	Then maybe next time he won n't be so quick on the trigger '' .
14	Should not everyone have been awakened to it as an outstanding fact of our time that the nations poisoned by anti-Semitism proved less fortunate in regard to their own freedom than those whose citizens saved their Jewish compatriots from the transports ?
18	Thus , in the last few years , a number of programs which looked very promising at the time their development was commenced have since been completely eliminated .
26	The audience did not think much of the new pastor , and what the new pastor thought of the audience he did not dare at the time to say .
4	This is the second time '' .
1	Some time ago , however , Mr. Khrushchev decided that when bigger bombs were made , the Soviet Union would make them .
30	`` If you are trying to get us out of the brothel , the dustbin , the kitchen sink , and the tawdry living-room , you are probably wasting your time '' , Moreland told me .
1	Now time is also the concern of the fictional narrative , which is , at its simplest , the story of an action with , usually , a beginning , a middle , and an end - elements which demand time as the first condition for their existence .
64	It would be profitable , I believe , to read these realistic humorists alongside Faulkner 's works , the thought being not that he necessarily read them and owed anything to them directly , but rather that they dealt a hundred years ago with a class of people and a type of life which have continued down to our time , to Faulkner 's time .
4	It was the first time any of us had laughed since the morning began .
26	The measure , for federal income tax purposes , of the dividend to individual stockholders would be the fair market value of the shares at the time of each annual distribution .
15	There were times it was n't right to make a person happy , like the times she came in the kitchen and asked for a peanut butter sandwich .
23	Such an interpretation of death radically alters the Christian view of creation ; for it teaches salvation from , not salvation in , time and history .
2	By the time he was prosperous enough - his goals were high - he was bald and afraid of women .
20	Mathematically , we shall not distinguish the experiment of three dice tossed once from that of one die tossed three times .
1	As time has passed and science has progressed , the speed of military vehicles has increased , the range of missiles has been extended , the use of target-hunting noses on the projectiles has been adopted , and the range and breadth of message sending has increased .
11	He saw no life , but still stood there for a time peering at the unlovely hills , his gaze continually returning to Papa-san .
30	Had More 's writings been wholly limited to such exercises , they would be almost as dimly remembered as those of a dozen or so other authors living in his time , whose works tenuously survive in the minds of the few hundred scholars who each decade in pursuit of their very specialized occasions read those works .
20	Almost everything about the movies that is peculiarly of the movies derives from a tension created and maintained between narrative time and film time .
20	Time is a queer thing and memory a queerer ; the tricks that time plays with memory and memory with time are queerest of all .
2	There were times it was n't right to make a person happy , like the times she came in the kitchen and asked for a peanut butter sandwich .
8	The authority for the program was renewed several times until the vocational rehabilitation program was made permanent as Title 5 , of the Social Security Act in 1935 .
5	`` It 's the second time War Ax hands made a play for that money .
3	At the present time the research team which pioneered this new technique is primarily interested in advancing and perfecting it .
5	She could not count the times Herman had rapped on the door , just a couple of bangs that shook the whole damned closet and might , someday , break away the pipe connections from the wall .
1	The time of the motion picture is fixed absolutely .
17	New Englanders were a bit sensitive on the subject of their complicity in Negro slavery at the time of the drafting of the Declaration of Independence , as Jefferson explained in his `` Autobiography '' : `` The clause reprobating the enslaving the inhabitants of Africa was struck out in complaisance to South Carolina and Georgia , who had never attempted to restrain the importation of slaves , and who on the contrary still wished to continue it .
11	Another source of intellectual stimulus was opened to her at that time by the founding of Johns Hopkins University within walking distance of home .
10	( Detective Pearson , Eighteenth Precinct , thought for a time he might be on to something .
3	The expense and time involved are astronomical .
4	At last it was time to depart .
12	To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston .
23	Only afterwards did an act like that become meaningless , so that he would puzzle over it for days , whereas at the time it had seemed quite real .
5	This will mean that every time there 's an increase in hospital rates your cost will go up in like manner .
54	`` I paint the nothing '' , he said once to Franz Kline and myself , `` the nothing that is behind the something , the inexpressible , unpaintable ' tick ' in the unconscious , the ' spirit ' of the moment resting forever , suspended like a huge balloon , in non time '' .
6	It is she who decides the time , the place , the surroundings , and the frequency of the sexual act .
4	Additional findings at this time included cardiomegaly , peripheral arteriosclerosis obliterans , and cholelithiasis .
23	Military or Naval Personnel on duty in Alaska or outside the United States and Puerto Rico are also allowed this automatic extension of time for filing their returns .
0	Time in the sum is nothing .
31	Instead , he constantly became lost in parts and components of them , confused some of their details with those of neighboring objects , and so on , unless he allowed time to `` trace '' the object in question through minute movements of the head and hands and in this way to discover its contours .
7	`` I 've been here for some time '' .
25	There is a second feature of the influences of literature , good literature , on emotional life which may have some special value for our time .
7	Henrietta , however , was at that time engaged in a lengthy correspondence with Joe 's older and more serious brother , Morris , who was just about her own age and whom she had got to know well during trips to Philadelphia with Papa , when he substituted for Rabbi Jastrow at Rodeph Shalom Temple there during its Rabbi 's absence in Europe .
7	Han 's student days were at a time when Europe was in a new intellectual ferment following the revolutions in America and in France , Germany and Italy were rising from divisive nationalisms and a strong wave of intellectual awareness was sweeping the Continent .
1	This time she stopped the rush of words herself .
5	I should like at this time , Mr. Speaker , to pay warm tribute to Arthur Hays Sulzberger and Charles Merz on the occasion of their retirement from distinguished careers in American journalism .
17	Electricity plays such an important part in community life today that it is difficult to envision a time when current was not available for daily use .
17	On the truck bed there was nothing smaller than a piece of rusty machinery ; with more time I could have loosened a small burr or cotter pin -
2	By the time he had smoked three cigarettes he had calmed down .
18	If you mail a return or tax payment , you must place it in the mails in ample time to reach the district director on or before the due date .
7	Directionality is greatly exaggerated most of the time ; but when the sounds of the two speakers are allowed to mix , there is excellent depth and dimension to the music .
44	`` Everyone knew it , but he sort of acted like he did n't care who knew it - even after them notes came , even after he 'd heard about Lewis , even after he 'd been shot at a couple o ' times hisself '' !
7	It was then distilled at least three times from a trap at - 78 ` to a liquid air trap with only a small middle fraction being retained in each distillation .
63	The debris of his other careers was piled everywhere ; a pile of wire cages for mice from his time as a geneticist and a microscope lying on its side on the window sill , vertical steel columns wired for support to the open ceiling beams with spidery steel cantilevers jutting out into the air , masonry constructions on the floor from the time he was inventing his disastrous fireplace whose smoke would pass through a whole house , visible all the way up through wire gratings on each floor .
10	`` Do n't you know all about me by this time ?
22	A Virginia judge a while back cited a Roman jurist to the effect that ten years might be a reasonable length of time for such a change .
3	Just before game time , Robinson 's pretty wife , Connie informed him that an addition to the family can be expected late next summer .
8	De Jager ( 1955 ) has calculated the times required for these particles to reach the atmosphere under the influence of the Poynting-Robertson effect , which in this case causes the orbits to become more and more eccentric without changing the semi major axis .
10	But they kept on clapping for a long , long time .
35	Somewhat to his surprise he found that one girl , whom he would never have considered for the job since she had appeared somewhat mousy and also had been in the office a relatively short time , did the most outstanding job of playing the role of receptionist , showing wit , sparkle , and aplomb .
1	Every time you transplant a pansy you cause its flowers to become smaller .
6	The cells were then washed three times with saline and resuspended to 2 % in saline .
4	In Chicago , some time ago , Mr. H. , age 27 , a diabetic since he was six , stopped using insulin because he had bought a `` magic spike '' - a glass tube about the size of a pencil filled with barium chloride worth a small fraction of a cent - sold by the Vrilium Company of Chicago for $ 306 as a cure-all .
26	The Istiqlal was still firmly united in 1957 , but the P.D.I. ( Parti Democratique de l'Independance ) , the most important minor party at the time , objected to the Istiqlal 's predominance in the civil service and influence in Radio Maroc .
5	If companies will take the time to give objective consideration to their major problems and to the questions they provoke , then a long constructive step will have been taken toward more effective marketing in next decade .
43	The following information on snakes varying greatly in size ( but all with less than a 10 - foot maximum ) shows , when considered with the foregoing , that there is probably no correlation between the length of a snake and the time required for it to mature .
22	All of this happening in a time of their lives when their youth and their brotherhood knitted them together as no other time or circumstance could .
25	Immediately , the film improved and it improved because in narrative it found a content based on time to complement its own unbreakable connection with time .
1	This time , it was so grand ; they could tell exactly what it was .
6	Stevie had heard these words many times , yet on each occasion they caused him to tremble .
3	If there is time after the warning , the basement shielding could be improved substantially by blocking windows with bricks , dirt , books , magazines , or other heavy material .
13	Perry Mason and Hamilton Burger , Nero Wolfe and Inspector Cramer spend more time fighting each other than they do in looking for the criminal .
26	This brief resume hardly does the book justice , but I heartily recommend it to all those who are engages with the major problems of our time .
2	At the time the will was drawn Mr. Hohlbein mentioned to me how mentally alert she seemed for her age , knowing just what changes she wanted made and so forth '' .
19	I must state that the faster things happened , the slower they happened ; the passage and rhythm of time changed , and when I remember back to what happened then , each event is a separate and frozen incident .
30	`` I kicked about 110 extra points in 135 tries during three years in high school '' , he said , `` and made 26 in a row at one time .
10	Equivalents could be assigned to the paradigm either at the time it is added to the dictionary or after the word has been studied in context .
10	Such interest must be paid even though an extension of time for filing is granted .
30	Without exception Hino 's brothers turned to either one or both of their father 's occupations , but Hino showed a talent for neither and instead spent most of his time on the beach where he repaired nets and proved immensely popular as a storyteller .
20	Prevot had said that the searchlights would be bounced off the clouds at 2230 hours , `` which gives us time to get settled in position '' .
8	And when he complained of the lack of time for all he wanted to do , Henrietta advised him to rise at five in the morning as she and Papa did .
1	Some time later the missing part of the relic was found and the complete inscription , together with other new evidence , fully corroborated the ancient priest 's information .
23	He knew the house like a blind man , through his fingers , and he did not like to think of all the time and rags and polishes he had spent on keeping it up .
0	Time and space have both become cinematic .
17	Immediately , the film improved and it improved because in narrative it found a content based on time to complement its own unbreakable connection with time .
27	They speak of the work of Christ as the bestowal of incorruptibility , which can mean ( though it does not have to mean ) deliverance from time and history .
9	But they all said , `` No , your time will come .
11	They were held together by pegs and withes and in later times drawn by a single ox in thills .
2	Exactly 2 times ?
4	The `` projection '' time of painting and sculpture is highly subjective , varying from person to person and even varying for a given person on different occasions .
5	The clinical impression at this time was either muscular dystrophy or polymyositis .
23	If Depew had told any academic psychologist that he had a weird feeling of having lived through that identical convention session at some time in the past , he would have been informed that he was a victim of deja vu .
10	He had n't realized that there would be so much time to think , so many lulls .
2	From the time he had been at college he had achieved a certain tranquility and composure by accepting the fact that there were certain things he could never know .
8	But he plunges into yet another , this time with Norway , and is killed in an assault on the fortress of Fredrikshall , being only thirty-six years of age when he died .
23	So Mel Chandler set out to sell him on the spirit of Garryowen , just as he himself had been sold a short time before .
0	Time enough to give up his soul .
12	We should say that we made our point with feeling the first time and little or no feeling the second time , but that it was the same point we were making .
5	The female parasite spends much time in her efforts to find a nest of her host .
18	And the bed that sagged in a certain place where all the weight had been put too many times before and the walls fine and thin for overhearing talk in the next room when Gratt went out for ice , the sound coming through the walls like something on the other side of the curtain , so you knew they heard you when they were quiet and while you lay wondering what they had heard you listened .
2	( Several times recently I have wondered whether shows were being staged for the sake of the script or just to entertain the audience with the spectacle of scenery being shifted right in front of their eyes .
13	Time is a queer thing and memory a queerer ; the tricks that time plays with memory and memory with time are queerest of all .
3	It would take time ; it would , almost inevitably , trouble some water .
21	The primary quality of that view seems , now , to have been its quietness , but that cannot at the time have impressed us .
0	Time is a queer thing and memory a queerer ; the tricks that time plays with memory and memory with time are queerest of all .
2	At the time Alex arrived he was engaged in some sort of intimate communication with the hen , who had settled herself on the nest most peacefully after the occurrences of the morning .
26	`` How many times have I told you '' - he began , and was almost glad when she cut him off - `` Too many times '' !
14	It is not material and is not a `` thing '' occupying space and time .
15	For what I express in my remark is something going on in me at the time , and that of course did not exist until I did come on the scene .
14	In some of the numbers the instrumental parts have even been recorded at different times and then later combined on the master tape to produce special effects .
79	Twenty-five thousand to each of the great-nieces in Oregon ( not much to blood relatives out of millions ) ten thousand to this friend and that , five thousand to another ; to Brian Thayer , the sum of ten thousand dollars ; to the Pecks , ten thousand each ; to Joan Sheldon the conditional bequest of ten thousand to be paid to her in the event that she was still in Mrs. Meeker 's employ at the time of the latter 's death .
5	`` Well , there 's time , in any case .
40	Now time is also the concern of the fictional narrative , which is , at its simplest , the story of an action with , usually , a beginning , a middle , and an end - elements which demand time as the first condition for their existence .
26	Citizens of the United States who , on April 15 , are not in the United States or Puerto Rico , are allowed an extension of time until June 15 for filing the return for the preceding calendar year .
3	There was no time to pick out a penny ; I got a coin between my thumb and forefinger , leaned my elbows in a very natural and casual manner on top of the truck cab and flipped my little missile .
2	After a time , it occurred to her that her thoughts were not worth the trouble .
7	`` I can n't be underfoot every time those cops turn around !
19	One species is restricted to statements which are neither explicit nor precise regarding a particular person , place , time or thing .
26	His long nose wiggled at the smells of frizzling bacon and heating java , but the fire was low , and he wanted to waste no time .
80	Eventually it became clear to me , partly with the aid of another schizophrenic patient who could point out my condescension to me somewhat more directly , that this man , with his condescending , `` You 're welcome '' , was very accurately personifying an element of obnoxious condescension which had been present in my own demeanor , over these months , on each of these occasions when I had bid him good-bye with the consoling note , each time , that the healing Christ would be stooping to dispense this succor to the poor suffered again on the morrow .
2	After some time he came to an open field .
4	Is there any other time in which a man can live '' ?
10	The Old Ones neither helped nor hindered this plan ; time was not yet .
1	This time Lewis had his own rifle in his hands , and he threw some answering fire back at the mysterious far-off shot , then spent most of the day searching out the area .
16	Considering only these Fridays , what is the probability that the coach had drivers all 3 times ?
8	That is why our creative people give their time to literature , not to painting or sculpture '' .
18	His denials of extensive reading notwithstanding , it is no doubt safe to assume that he has spent time schooling himself in Southern history and that he has gained some acquaintance with the chief literary authors who have lived in the South or have written about the South .
11	His friends advised that it would be only a question of time until either the Mexicans killed him by ambuscade or he would be compelled to kill them in self-defense , perpetuating the troubles .
6	This project was started at a time when there was a critical need for a high energy fuel to provide an extra margin of range for high performance aircraft , particularly our heavy bombers .
14	It 's fun , and it 's easy - so easy that there is time left after cooking , and tent keeping , for the women to get out and enjoy outdoor fun with their families .
6	He points out that from the time of Jackson on through World War 1 , , evangelical Protestantism was a dominant influence in the social and political life of America .
3	He had little time to himself , anyway .
34	If you elect to use the Standard Deduction or the Tax Table , and later find you should have itemized your deductions , you may do so by filing an amended return within the time prescribed for filing a claim for refund .
19	It was as though he had made a pact with the devil himself , but it was not yet time to pay the price .
6	`` You have visited England five times in the past quarter-century , I believe '' , my host said .
6	This particular song at this particular time could only be interpreted as the ultimate in bad taste , callous exploitation beyond the bounds of decency .
6	The half-breed did n't answer this time .
18	The guest list is in itself a little parable of the state of American civic life at this time .
2	About that time he began reading Mr. America and Muscle Builder and he learned of the famous Weider way to fast weight gaining .
31	It was evident that a second transfer had to be effected , and that it had to take place between the time the fille finished the doctor 's room and the time she began Alex 's .
12	He had received both first and second anonymous notices , and each time he had accused his neighbors of writing them .
1	The time has come for citizens of all faiths to unite in an effort to remove this divisive and nettlesome issue from the political and social life of our nation .
13	Our pin-curl clips and self-locking nuts achieved dominance in just a few years time , despite substantial , well established competition .
2	`` This time '' , Arlene said , and she even kept on wiggling a little bit while she was just talking , `` you 're going to tell me what I am and what I'm doing .
2	A short time later , Lieutenant Bonner stomped into the dressing room .
14	She stayed too late , and when she left , it was dark and time to go home and cook supper for her husband .
0	Time to become afraid .
9	These cut-down plants will bud and blossom in record time and will behave just as they did in early spring .
3	During all this time Roy continued to paint , first only on weekends , and then , as the family business permitted , for longer periods .
15	As befits a queen , a bumblebee female is rather choosy and may spend considerable time searching for a suitable nesting place .
5	It was all Greg had time to see .
18	The moonlit night was made for romance , and he had been looking at her soulfully for some time .
1	This time the orchestra gave him some superb support fired by response to his own high mood .
7	The same command is repeated as many times as there are levels in rank from general to corporal .
40	The cost of developing a major weapon system is now so enormous that the greatest care must be exercised in selecting new systems for development , in determining the most satisfactory rate of development , and in deciding the proper time at which either to place a system into production or to abandon it .
29	Her hat had come off and fallen behind her shoulders , held by the string , and he could see her face more clearly than he had at any time before .
20	I can n't tell when , but I'm positive I witnessed this same scene of this particular gathering at some time in the past '' !
9	He is not lost in the abyss of endless time ; he has endless being .
