8	If I could make myself feel the same way .
12	( 2 ) Spatiality becomes part of the tactual sensation only by way of visual representations ; that is , there is , in the true sense , only a visual space '' .
5	In any inquiry into the way in which great literature affects the emotions , particularly with respect to the sense of harmony , or relief of tension , or sense of `` a transformed inner nature '' which may occur , a most careful exploration of the particular feature of the experience which produces the effect would be required .
10	The electric toothbrush moves in a vertical direction , the way dentists recommend .
31	In a small way this is illustrated by the nineteenth century novelist who argued for the powerful influence of literature as a teacher of society and who illustrated this with the way a girl learned to meet her lover , how to behave , how to think about this new experience , how to exercise restraint .
18	The mere fact that the tall figure with the rifle and field glasses had been seen riding that way was enough to frighten three rustling homesteaders out of the Upper Laramie country in a single week .
3	Or even the way you run bases .
6	Robert Penn Warren puts it this way in `` Brother to Dragons '' :
24	He thought of other possibilities , none of them satisfactory , and finally he began to think , to wonder if there was some way he could reach Burton .
21	I realized , now , that she had been showing me , in what impressed me as being a very accurate way , something her mother had once said to her ; it was as if she was showing me one of the reasons why she hated that woman inside her .
18	About that time he began reading Mr. America and Muscle Builder and he learned of the famous Weider way to fast weight gaining .
5	Soon they will fight their way into the lower middle-class suburbs , and the churches will experience the same decay and rebuilding cycle which has characterized their history for a century .
10	He was put out too because there was only one way of understanding what she 'd done .
12	Why in the world could n't he live in one place the way everyone else seemed to ?
3	The one sure way to tell victim and villain apart is to examine the hind legs which in the case of the idler , Psithyrus , lack the pollen baskets - naturally !
11	The study of literature contributes to this control in a curious way .
16	If Hal Yarrow had been killed in a crash , he must have wanted it that way .
14	If most of them were n't exactly specific - well , that 's the way it is in life , I guess .
6	They crowded him in that threatening way once more , forced him to give in .
3	`` Over this way !
36	Quite naturally , they make the investigation , first , by prohibiting the patient from making any movements at all and then , later , by repeating it and allowing the patient to move in any way he wanted to .
2	The easiest way to describe this release is to say that it reproduces an interesting and effective Steinberg performance with minimal alteration of its musical values .
2	In this way , numerical values for the relative efficacy of various detergent formulations can be obtained by measuring the reflectance ( whiteness ) of the cloth swatches before and after washing .
39	To figure the value of the farm in terms of investment income , divide the estimated annual net farm income by the percentage that you could expect to get in interest if the money were invested in some other way .
5	Maybe he felt the same way .
3	There was no way of getting even .
10	It appeared that the theory could be saved in one way only .
15	The soiled fabrics used for rapid testing of detergent formulations are made in such a way that only part of the soil is removed by even the best detergent formulation in a single wash .
8	In his mood , it was the best way to handle him ; that is , to show no curiosity whatsoever .
13	Could it be that it speeded up for the aged in some mysterious way , as if a bored universe were skipping through the end of the chapter just to get it over with ?
6	Arlene had taught them a new way to have fun in their little private area ; and they had told their mother about the tumbles .
7	There was , of course , no way for the other planes to get by them .
32	They have insisted , rather , on living fully and completely within modern culture and , so far from considering this treason to God , have looked upon it as the only way they could be faithful to him .
26	But the highroad , according to the description of its traffic , belongs to life as it is lived in unawareness of death , while the way to the churchyard belongs to some other sort of life :
28	Moreover the centralization of our economy during the 1920 s , the dislocations of the Depression , the common ethos of Materialism everywhere , all contributed in various ways to the face-lifting that replaced Mike Fink and the Great Gatsby with the anonymous physiognomy of the Little People .
5	She tried to find some way to draw him out , to help him .
7	Besides , it 's important to the way a painter thinks that he should move in a certain atmosphere , an atmosphere in which he may absorb the ideas of other masters , as Durer went to Italy to meet Bellini and Mantegna '' .
3	In a small way this is illustrated by the nineteenth century novelist who argued for the powerful influence of literature as a teacher of society and who illustrated this with the way a girl learned to meet her lover , how to behave , how to think about this new experience , how to exercise restraint .
14	The mythological private eye differs from his counterpart in real life in two essential ways .
12	`` Buster would solve that quarterback problem just as we head that way '' .
7	Getting drunk every night was the only way I could handle the situation .
8	There was a fellow named Blatz over Smithtown way .
1	One way to determine whether we have so dangerous a technology would be to check the strength of our society 's organs to see if their functioning is as healthy as before .
42	The evaporative cooler had been moved to Granny 's room , and her door was kept shut ; so that the rest of the house stayed open , though there was a question as to whether it was hotter or cooler that way .
8	This , he was sure , was the way they would act ; laughing at a dying man , laughing as a man was beaten to death .
13	Docherty was damned if he would make a fool of himself again the way he had earlier over the laundry truck .
15	You 'll need your Weider Power Stands for this fine exercise and here 's the way it 's done :
11	The statement is often made that when Bultmann argues in this way , he `` overestimates the intellectual stumbling-block which myth is supposed to put in the way of accepting the Christian faith '' .
51	The killer , if in our present group , would certainly be interested in knowing that much , and even though with the fingerprint evidence what it was I could see no way he could use this bit of information to improve on his situation , there might always be some way .
1	The way Eileen and I were hitting it up , we needed ten or fifteen dollars an evening .
16	The following summary , based on Figures 5 and 6 , is an example of one way of interpreting the 42 figures constructed from onset ages and completion ages of individual children with respect to the appropriate mean age for each growth center .
20	But my people - Martians , I mean ; I now grok you are my people - teach plants another way .
17	She would weep in private , he was sure , for she loved him in her frigid way , though in public she would be dry eyed .
51	Instead , he constantly became lost in parts and components of them , confused some of their details with those of neighboring objects , and so on , unless he allowed time to `` trace '' the object in question through minute movements of the head and hands and in this way to discover its contours .
7	The AAA then splits it down this way : $ 10.50 for meals , $ 9.50 for lodging , $ 7 for gas and oil , and $ 2 for tips and miscellaneous .
9	The function f ( t ) defined in this way is multi valued .
20	And yet we obviously also believe that the avoidance of the disaster depends in some obscure or at least uncertain way on the details of how we behave .
3	The most effective way to develop more places for more sportsmen to shoot is to encourage properly managed shooting preserves .
9	he liked children , in a loathsome kind of way ; the two youngest in our family always had to be brought in and put through tricks for his entertainment .
9	There seemed to be a contemptuous purpose in the way he sat there with his eyes glued to Drexel Street and his back in opposition to the church behind him .
7	Work on the roof continues in this way .
44	We have every obligation to take seriously their claims to being democratic and free countries ; we also have , in consequence , the duty to appraise realistically and honestly their performance and to communicate our judgments to their leaders in frank but friendly ways .
1	This way of escape is theoretically possible , but since it has grave difficulties of its own and has not , so far as I know , been urged by positivists , it is perhaps best not to spend time over it .
60	Whitehead contends that the human way of understanding existence as a unity of interlocking and interdependent processes which constitute each other and which cause each other to be and not to be is possible only because the basic form of such an understanding , for all its vagueness and tendency to mistake the detail , is initially given in the way man feels the world .
7	If we look at the situation this way , we can get an idea of Khrushchev 's nightmarish worries - or , at least , of the worries he might have if his enemies were disposed to exploit their advantage .
8	He could pick up another pack on his way home , if he were going home .
47	When he was asked a question or addressed in such a way that some response was inescapable , he would answer ; if , as often happened , he had to repeat because he had spoken too softly , he would repeat his words in the same way , without emphasis or impatience , only a little louder .
17	William Wimsatt and Cleanth Brooks , it seems to me , have a penetrating insight into the way in which this control is effected : `` For if we say poetry is to talk of beauty and love ( and yet not aim at exciting erotic emotion or even an emotion of Platonic esteem ) and if it is to talk of anger and murder ( and yet not aim at arousing anger and indignation ) - then it may be that the poetic way of dealing with these emotions will not be any kind of intensification , compounding , or magnification , or any direct assault upon the affections at all .
7	His hair had receded most of the way to the back of his neck .
4	There was only one way to accomplish this : by design , by drawing diagrams and sketches in which he probed the remotest corner of his mind for creative ideas to carry his concept .
4	To use these new ways in daily life is the last step .
9	Just as exciting but in a more technically proficient way is Laura Stuart , whose complete control of her every movement is lovely to watch .
16	Hitching his cartridge belt around , Pat glanced upward briefly at the Palace and started that way with Cobb at his side .
15	The beautiful , the satisfying part of his disintegration , however , was the masterly way the Buddha polished him off .
19	Or was he now taking the role - the gesture and the suffering - because it was the only way to affirm his history and identity in the torpid , befogged loneliness of this land .
39	I asked Quasimodo recently how he accomplished this , and he replied that he had painted his model `` a beautiful shade of red and then had her breathe on the canvas '' , which was his typical tongue-in-cheek way of chiding me for my lack of sensitivity .
60	To prevent the manager from deliberately controlling himself only during the sessions , they were rather lengthy ( about twenty minutes ) , the situations were imperfectly described to the manager so that he would not know what to expect , new antagonists were brought on the scene unexpectedly , and the antagonists were instructed to deliberately behave in such ways as to upset the manager and get him to operate in a manner for which he had been previously criticized .
7	`` Fred was mighty crude about the way he took in cattle '' his own hired man , Andy Ross , mentioned later .
33	For he knows that the first and sometimes most difficult job is to know what the question is - that when it is accurately identified it sometimes answers itself , and that the way in which it is posed frequently shapes the answer .
27	To light industry , the economies of being on one floor are much slighter , but efficiency engineers usually believe in them , and manufacturers looking for ways to cut costs cannot be prevented from turning to efficiency engineers .
16	The relation between osmotic pressure and the Gibbs function may also be developed in an analogous way .
8	There was no way to know , no way to guess whether any one of them was surprised at Sarah 's appearance , believing her to be drugged and senseless - and just possibly dead .
16	The first sentence , with its platitudinous irony , announces an emblematic intent : `` The way to the churchyard ran along beside the highroad , ran beside it all the way to the end ; that is to say , to the churchyard '' .
40	The Ivy League enjoys no easy dominion here , and the boys are as likely to dress in rather foppish Continental fashion , or even in nondescript working class manner , as they are in the restrained , button-down Ivy way .
2	The old way of doing things , which depended on a relatively stable community with stable ideas dealing with familiar situations , was no longer adequate to the task .
24	Bob Carroll may not bear quite as close a physical resemblance to LaGuardia as Tom Bosley does , but I was amazed at the way he became more and more Fiorello as the evening progressed , until one had to catch one's self up and remember that this was n't really LaGuardia come back among us again .
9	It could have been Bari or Chieti for the way it smelled .
19	He bellowed orders and watched the alert response of some of his men and watched , too , the way a dozen or more turned their heads questioningly toward the shackled figure as though for further instruction .
6	This was delivered in a forthright way , without coyness and over pretended interest - an admirable way with children .
2	These are ways of jointly participating in significantly symbolized , standardized , and ordered religiously sanctified behavior .
2	The best way to determine the correct figure ( in captives ) is by direct observation of pairs isolated from birth , a method that produced surprising results : maturing of a male Indian python in less than two years , his mate in less than three ; data on the boa constrictor about match this .
5	In a certain perfectly definite way , the method and the theme of his stories are one and the same .
27	For the family is the simplest example of just such a unit , composed of people , which gives us both some immunity from , and a way of dealing with , other people .
10	Probably around midnight , give or take an hour either way '' .
42	In fact it has caused us to give serious thought to moving our residence south , because it is not easy for the most objective Southerner to sit calmly by when his host is telling a roomful of people that the only way to deal with Southerners who oppose integration is to send in troops and shoot the bastards down .
11	When he was asked a question or addressed in such a way that some response was inescapable , he would answer ; if , as often happened , he had to repeat because he had spoken too softly , he would repeat his words in the same way , without emphasis or impatience , only a little louder .
3	There was no way to know , no way to guess whether any one of them was surprised at Sarah 's appearance , believing her to be drugged and senseless - and just possibly dead .
5	Soon they were picking their way along the edge of the stream which glowed in the night .
7	In theory , compulsive behavior is a way of diminishing anxiety , and one might expect a negative association except for the possibility that for many children the obsessive-compulsive defenses are not sufficient to quell the amount of anxiety they suffer .
2	Foreigners this way ' !
6	You can communicate in your own way .
48	Can the church risk assuming that the `` folly '' of men is as dear to God as their `` wisdom '' , or , as is also commonly implied , that `` the foolishness of God '' and `` the foolishness of men '' are simply two ways of talking about the same thing ?
33	There is evidence to suggest , in fact , that many authors of the humorous sketches were prompted to write them - or to make them as indelicate as they are - by way of protesting against the artificial refinements which had come to dominate the polite letters of the South .
18	Shout at Eichmann though he might , the Prosecutor could not establish that the defendant was falsifying the way he felt about Jews or that what he did feel fell into the generally recognized category of anti-Semitism .
1	The way his red rubber lips were stretched across his pearly little teeth I though he was only having a little joke , but , no , he wanted me to bend down from the roar of wind so he could roar something into my ear .
5	These are like the initial ways in which the world forces itself upon the self and thrusts the self into decision and choice .
5	And he really feels that way , she thought .
7	If Rose Mallory 's killer acted this way , catching up with him was going to be a cinch .
17	But the book is written around a somewhat dizzy cartoonist , and it has to be that way .
15	The curb was a line of stone laid edgewise in the dirt and tilted this way and that by frost in the ground or the roots of trees .
12	Leaving the card room , they moved back through the Palace the way they had come .
16	Therefore employment and education in all the schools in a metropolitan area are related in different ways from those which are characteristic of the comprehensive high school described in my first report .
78	If the **f bond is linear then there are three reasonable positions for the hydrogen atoms : ( 1 ) The hydrogen atoms are centered and hence all lie on a sheet midway between the oxygen sheets ; ( 2 ) all hydrogen atoms lie on a sheet , but the sheet is closer to one oxygen sheet than to the other ; ( 3 ) hydrogen atoms are asymmetrically placed , either randomly or in an ordered way , so that some hydrogen atoms are closer to the upper oxygen atoms while others are closer to the lower oxygen atoms .
14	`` I want to show respect for my parents ' religion '' was the way in which a boy justified his inhabiting a halfway house of Judaism .
10	Then , Arlene threw herself backwards and wiggled in a way that was just wonderful .
33	Left in their previous atom-like smallness , they would have cut away too abruptly into depth ; and the broad , opaque shapes of pasted paper would have been isolated in such a way as to make them jump out of plane .
8	Jubal could n't reconstruct the crime from the way the girls behaved because patterns kept shifting - ABC vs D , then BCD vs A & & & or AB vs CD , or AD vs CB , through all ways that four women can gang up on each other .
12	When the patient was not allowed to move his body in any way at all , the following striking results occurred .
33	She made him sad some days , and he was never sure why ; it was something to do with her back , the thinness of it , and the quick , jerky way she bent .
47	Your invitation to write about Serge Prokofieff to honor his 70 th Anniversary for the April issue of Sovietskaya Muzyka is accepted with pleasure , because I admire the music of Prokofieff ; and with sober purpose , because the development of Prokofieff personifies , in many ways , the course of music in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics .
5	But he soon saw which way the ball was bouncing .
20	All the doors were open at this hour except one , and it was toward this that Stevens made his way with Russ close at his shoulder .
7	I have often searched for a graphic way of impressing our superiority on those Americans who have doubts , and I think Mr. Jameson Campaigne has done it well in his new book American Might and Soviet Myth .
30	The fact that Jess 's horse had not been returned to its stall could indicate that Diane 's information had been wrong , but Curt did n't interpret it this way .
3	Excellent in their way , they lack the wide appeal of The Charles Men , and need not detain us here .
5	That 's not precisely the way Larkin urges them to look at it , though .
16	We define these values as **f , and define g ( t ) in the same way for each t .
16	After every session , the check marks were totaled up and graphed , and in this way the supervisor 's progress was charted .
6	It had n't started out that way .
1	That way I do n't lose so much '' .
18	We were forbidden to swing on the gates , lest they sag on their hinges in a poor-white-trash way , but we could stand on them , when they were latched , rest our chins on the top , and stare and stare , committing to memory , quite unintentionally , all the details that lay before our eyes .
16	In the railway station at Berlin , a uniformed attendant was chanting , ' Foreigners this way !
8	We talk about national character in the same way that Copernicus talked of the compulsions of celestial bodies to move in circles .
8	Actual practice does not often work out this way .
8	We all seek the same thing through different ways - an end to this long night of two thousand years of darkness and unspeakable abuses which will continue to plague us until the Star of David flies over Zion '' .
28	Once in a while they said what a shame it was , with Granny dying , but they all agreed she would n't have wanted it any other way .
6	`` We 'll do it another way , then '' , he said harshly .
42	Now Hans had given Ma something of his - we both had when we thought she was going straight to Pa - something valuable ; but since she did n't know we 'd given it to her , there was no easy way of getting it back .
15	Mark held the wheel loosely , but his fingers curved around it in a purposeful way and the deliberate set of his body spoke plainly of the figure he 'd make in the years to come .
33	You feel where he is and what he sees , and at night you feel when he is asleep or with the other woman , the one that never could love him the way you do , the one who got him because she did n't particularly give a damn whether she got him or did n't .
6	Still , he had liked the way she had looked , in a fresh , neat cotton dress - citron yellow , if he remembered .
10	For some retired persons , part-time farming is a good way to supplement retirement income .
11	Perhaps it was his misfortune , or good fortune , whichever way one looked at it , to belong to the former group , and he was struggling unconsciously to build up pressure in a world which demanded none , which was positively antagonistic to it .
5	They run their show their way - the Universe has variety , something for everybody - a fact you field workers often miss '' .
8	You think : `` Did he feel that way about me '' ?
3	That 's the way .
25	Although there is no question but that the process of washing fabrics involves a number of phenomena which are related together in an extremely complicated way and that these phenomena and their interrelations are not well understood at the present , this section attempts to present briefly an up-to-date picture of the physical chemistry of washing either fabrics or hard surfaces .
5	St. Louis University found a way to win a baseball game .
9	The second argument applies the method in the reverse way .
34	On C , from the point P at **f to the point Q at **f , we construct the chord , and upon the chord as a side erect a square in such a way that as s approaches zero the square is inside C .
6	Eileen seemed to feel the same way .
22	Their secondary hero is another pro , Willie Chisholm , who drank his lunch during another Open and tried to blast his way out of a rock strewn gully .
10	Yet , he told himself , this was the best way .
33	Mr. Skyros was not a man who thought very much about moral principles ; he found money much more interesting ; but all the same he thought now , uneasily , of the way in which Angelo earned his living - and paid for his own stuff - and eyed the soft smile , and the spaniel like dark eyes , and he felt a little ill .
16	If I get a low M. R. , I do so because I want it that way or my dark self does .
6	Certainly , one of the best ways of warning the world against anti-Semitism is to demonstrate its workings as a dangerous weapon .
10	They plan to become county people who know the proper way to terminate a fox 's life on earth .
4	And there is a way in which he might hold that badness did in this case precede our own feeling of disapproval without belonging to the pain itself .
27	The statement is often made that when Bultmann argues in this way , he `` overestimates the intellectual stumbling-block which myth is supposed to put in the way of accepting the Christian faith '' .
2	In this way , the private detective gets the best of two possible worlds .
10	I was stumbling in my undershirt trying to find my way around her damn kitchenette when I smelt that sickish sweet hairtonic smell .
11	We used to kid him by saying he only painted that way because he was so nearsighted .
