25	Besides , he can hardly avoid musing on the instability of death which , what with exhumations and rehabilitations , seems to match that of life .
27	He points out that from the time of Jackson on through World War 1 , , evangelical Protestantism was a dominant influence in the social and political life of America .
19	The vulnerability of Protestantism to social differences stems from the peculiar role of the new religious style in middle-class life , where the congregation is a vehicle of social and economic group identity and must conform , therefore , to the principle of economic integration .
4	Increasing threats on his life finally convinced Cook that he should leave New Mexico .
26	This , no doubt , is part of what Gilbert Seldes implies when he says of the arts , `` They give form and meaning to life which might otherwise seem shapeless and without sense '' .
13	It gives him aid , comfort , even solace , in meeting mundane life situations where his own unassisted practical knowledge and skill are felt by him to be inadequate .
2	To him life was a restless boredom that began with the rising sun and ended only with sleep .
21	I take the central meaning here to be the contrast between the drab empty quality of life without literature and a life enriched by it .
16	He is a Buddhist , which means that to him peace and the sanctity of human life are not only religious dogma , but a profound and unshakable Weltanschauung .
12	If you do n't leave this country within 3 days , your life will be taken the same as Powell 's was .
22	Their world , again , was a still simple , traditional age which was only slowly beginning to appreciate the complexity of life .
18	`` Are your people still alive '' ? he asked , trying to touch a part of her life Alberto had n't discussed ; so he could have something of her for himself .
7	Apparently you were the light of their lives '' .
9	It was observed in the introductory chapter that metropolitan life had split into two trends - expanding interdependence on an impersonal basis and growing exclusiveness in local communal groupings .
7	The rule of economic integration in congregational life can be seen in the missionary outreach of the major denominations .
2	A better life .
1	If life and death did not both present themselves to us , there would be no inscrutability .
4	As a result , life had become a kind of continuous make-ready .
12	In the range and variety of characters who , in their literary lives , get along all right with life styles one never imagined possible , there is an implicit lesson in differentiation .
4	After all , social life in the group of the bees is by no means general , although it certainly is a striking feature .
8	One of the significant developments in American Jewish life is that the cultural consumers are largely the women .
21	All she did was write me a pleasant little note about how it was beautiful while it lasted but that now life had parted our ways and it was goodbye forever .
9	Many of them paid for their curiosity with their lives , for some minutes later the first giant wave roared over the shore .
12	Have not our physical abilities already deteriorated because of the more sedentary lives we are now living ?
41	The colonial period has generally left people believing that government can , if it wishes , provide all manner of services for them - and that with independence free men do not have to work to realize the benefits of modern life .
18	So all-important are ideas , we are told , that persons successful in business and happy in social life usually fall into two classes : those who invent new ideas of their own , and those who borrow , beg , or steal from others .
12	Whatever projection one makes , the striking fact about congregational and parochial life is the extent to which it is a vehicle of the social identity of middle-class people .
14	Generally , your employee will greatly appreciate benefits that protect him during his working life or during retirement .
7	The young poet painter reproduces the French life of the streets ; he tells stories of the Thousand and One Nights , and conjures up before us the bazaars of Damascus .
24	`` Wherefore also He [ God ] drove him [ man ] out of Paradise , and removed him far from the tree of life , not because He envied him the tree of life , as some venture to assert , but because He pitied him , [ and did not desire ] that he should continue a sinner for ever , nor that the sin which surrounded him should be immortal , and evil interminable and irremediable .
21	As man can live only by dying , so it was only by his dying that Christ could bring many to life .
9	Robert Frost , for instance , writes about rural life in New England , but he does not include any significant amount of folklore in his poems .
32	In other words , the promulgators of the murder plan made clear that physically exterminating the Jews was but an extension of the anti-Semitic measures already operating in every phase of German life , and that the new conspiracy counted on the general anti-Semitism that had made those measures effective , as a readiness for murder .
43	This something leads to a conception of an over-all Social Plan with a meaning interpretable in terms of ultimate ends ; for example , a plan that fulfills the will of God , which advances the Kingdom of God , which involves social life as part of the Grand Design .
8	Electricity plays such an important part in community life today that it is difficult to envision a time when current was not available for daily use .
6	I practically had to sign your life away , you 'll probably fire me for some of the deals I had to go for , but '' -
19	He felt himself now , as he himself says in his Confessions , at a crucial point of his life .
16	Under the religious impulse , whether theistic or humanistic , men have joy in living ; life leads somewhere .
6	But they were starting a new life .
52	How could the rich , for whom life was made so simple , ever understand the subterfuges , the lies , the frauds , the errors , sins and even crimes to which the poor were driven in their efforts to overcome the great advantages the rich had in the race of life ?
9	Prokofieff was guided in a consistent direction by the life of his own people - by the compass of their national ideas .
0	Life was a short play of tenebrous shadows .
3	The farmer 's life must be arranged to meet the demands of crops and livestock .
15	There is also the possibility , among higher religions , of experiencing consistent meaning in life and enjoying guidance and expansiveness .
5	In the Steiners have busy lives without visiting relatives only context can indicate whether visiting relatives is equivalent in meaning to paying visits to relatives or to relatives who are visiting them , and in I looked up the number and I looked up the chimney only the meanings of number and chimney make it clear that up is syntactically a second complement in the first sentence and a preposition followed by its object in the second .
2	Since American life is committed above all to productivity and a higher standard of economic life , the countervailing forces of residential and religious exclusiveness have fought a desperate , rearguard action against the expanding interdependence of the metropolis .
14	Cousin Joshua Dover decided to remain with the Reverend and poor Isaac Pitt until life passed away - and he was hurt so badly he did not seem for long in this world .
8	She showed no interest at all in the life he had led back home , and it hurt him a little .
19	The events of the last quarter of an hour , mysterious to any bird accustomed only to the predictable life of coop and barnyard , had overcome the doctor 's hen and she gave out a series of cackly wails , perhaps mourning her nest , but briefly enjoyed .
6	When we give the necessities of life to the poor , we restore to them what is already theirs .
15	That little spark is all the wealth I know , That little spark is my life 's misery '' .
10	The season , between spring and summer , belongs to life in its carefree aspect .
4	Stanley went along in life , she knew , convinced that he deserved the love and faith of no woman .
11	The highroad , one might say at first , belongs to life , while the way to the churchyard belongs to death .
17	Men , trees , automobiles , houses , and so on - objects continually confronted in everyday life - had each its characteristic blot appearance and became easily recognizable , at the very beginning of tracing , by an inference as to what each was .
17	But there was no need for Linda Kay to go on , since all she wanted in life was to make a home for Bobby Joe and ( blushing ) raise his children .
15	And so the authors conclude : `` The conduct of the patient in his every-day life and in his work , even more than the foregoing facts [ mentioned above under 1 ] , leave positively no room for doubt that the sense of touch , in the ordinary sense of the word , was unaffected ; or , to put the same thing in physiological terms , that the performance capacity of the tactual apparatus , from the periphery up to the tactual centers in the brain , - that is , from one end to the other - was unimpaired '' .
20	One need not waver in his belief in virile law enforcement to insist that there are other things in American life which are also of great importance , and to which even law enforcement must accommodate itself .
22	Bertha , blue-eyed like Mamma , was from the start her mother 's daughter , destined for her mother 's role in life .
43	These values give direction to the life of the middle-class man or woman , dictating the methods of child rearing , determining the pattern of community participation , setting the style for the psychiatric treatment of middle-class illness , and informing the congregational life of the major denominations .
8	He had had the need to understand what life lurked behind the mask of flesh , behind the oath , the banter , the sadness .
2	The inner life of congregations will prosper so long as like-minded people of similar social and economic level can fraternize together ; the outer life of congregations - the suitability of the environment to their survival - will be propitious so long as the people in the area are of the same social and economic level as the membership .
12	It was in order to avoid the stuffy routine of middle class life that Holmes became a detective in the first place .
39	I am not aware of great attention by any of these authors or by the psychotherapeutic profession to the role of literary study in the development of conscience - most of their attention is to a pre-literate period of life , or , for the theologians of course , to the influence of religion .
15	The guest list is in itself a little parable of the state of American civic life at this time .
24	Why had not this success come to him before he had plunged into his Discourse , and before he had committed himself to a life of austerity and denial ?
30	No need leave a note with it , either - or maybe just something like , Do n't worry about me , I 'm going away to make a better life .
25	Nor is it an accident that baseball , growing into the national game in the last 75 years , has become a microcosm of American life , that learned societies such as the American Folklore Society and the American Historical Association were founded in the 1880's , or that courses in American literature , American civilization , American anything have swept our school and college curricula .
1	In life we learn to play our roles and we `` freeze '' into patterns which become so habitual that we are not really aware of what we do .
7	How could the rich , for whom life was made so simple , ever understand the subterfuges , the lies , the frauds , the errors , sins and even crimes to which the poor were driven in their efforts to overcome the great advantages the rich had in the race of life ?
10	He is utterly disappointed in himself and in the desultory life he has been leading .
10	The mythological private eye differs from his counterpart in real life in two essential ways .
4	In upper teen Jewish life , the non college group tends to have a sense of marginality .
24	In its place is a passionate consciousness grasped and molded to feelings of positive or negative values even as the actions of one 's life are determined by constellations of process in which one is caught .
48	Leaving the theatre after the performance , I had a flash of intuition that life , after all ( as Rilke said ) , is just a search for the nonexistent cup of hot coffee , and that this unpretentious , moving , clever , bitter slice of life was the greatest thing to happen to the American theatre since Brooks Atkinson retired .
6	These values give direction to the life of the middle-class man or woman , dictating the methods of child rearing , determining the pattern of community participation , setting the style for the psychiatric treatment of middle-class illness , and informing the congregational life of the major denominations .
27	Hercule Poirot and Lord Peter Whimsey ( the respective creations of Agatha Christie and Dorothy Sayers ) have retained Holmes ' egotism but not his zest for life and eccentric habits .
6	If economic integration really shapes congregational life , then evangelism should be a process of extending economic integration .
8	`` One of the things which makes our lives drab and empty and which leaves us , at the end of the day , fatigued and deflated spiritually is the pressure of the taxing , practical , utilitarian concern of common-sense objects .
32	Pope Pius 12 , declared in 1951 that it is possible to be exempt from the normal obligation of parenthood for a long time and even for the whole duration of married life , if there are serious reasons , such as those often mentioned in the so-called medical , eugenic , economic and social `` indications '' .
15	Another reason gymnastic study is valuable is that it can be started very early in life .
16	But the pseudo capitalism which dictates our whole economy as well as our politics and social life , will not stand close scrutiny .
13	`` Look , my friend '' , he said , `` in my life I learn , how is it the proverb says , better an ounce of prevention to a pound of cure .
53	At the same time the multiple transvestitism involved - the fat man as girl and as baby , as coquette pretending to be a baby - touches for a moment horrifyingly upon the secret sources of a life like Jacoby 's , upon the sinister dreams which form the sources of any human life .
20	A word should be said for Gary Morgan , a Broadway youngsters who , as the adopted son , makes life miserable for nearly everybody and Larkin in particular .
8	Strange how everything here fitted back into his life , even if he had been away so long .
20	They sit alone in their rooms and try to paint , and only succeed in isolating themselves still farther from life .
20	She fell asleep leaning on her hand , hearing the house creaking as though it were a living a private life of its own these two hundred years , hearing the birds rustling in their cages and the occasional whirring of wings as one of them landed on the table and walked across the newspaper to perch in the crook of her arm .
31	This idea , which occurs in both Tatian and Cyprian , fits especially well into the scheme of Irenaeus ' theology ; for it prepares the way for the passage from life through death to life that is achieved in Christ .
10	The engineer turned works manager had a particular view of life - and refused to change it .
20	He thought that if once , only once , he could talk with Simms Purdew , something about his own life , and all life , would be clear and simple .
13	Most Jewish mothers are determined to exercise vigilance over the social and sexual lives of their daughters by keeping them home .
54	For Rachel , conceded to be the prettiest of the Szold girls - and she did make a pretty picture sitting in the grape-arbor strumming her guitar and singing in her silvery tones - there was no particular March counterpart ; but both groups were so closely knit that despite individual differences the family life in both cases was remarkably similar in atmosphere if not entirely in content - the one being definitely Jewish and the other vaguely Christian .
37	The Outdoor Education Project took cognizance of the fact , so often overlooked , that athletic activities stressed in most school programs have little or no relationship to the physical and mental needs and interests of later life .
8	Whereas , John Brown has cheerfully risked his life in endeavoring to deliver those who are denied all rights and is this day doomed to suffer death for his efforts in behalf of those who have no helper :
26	When Kitti was alive - and he remembered the pressure of her hand resting lightly on his arm - she had been the center of his life .
38	Life is further characterized , in antithesis to Piepsam , as animal : the image of a dog , which appears at several places , is first given as the criterion of amiable , irrelevant interest aroused by life considered simply as a spectacle : a dog in a wagon is `` admirable '' , `` a pleasure to contemplate '' ; another wagon has no dog , and therefore is `` devoid of interest '' .
27	He wondered how they could go on in poverty , superstition , ignorance , with a complete lack of desire to make either their land or their lives flourish .
24	Thus the transformation of Adam Smith 's ideal entrepreneur into a mythological detective coincides closely with the decline of the real entrepreneur in economic life .
5	This rather detached attitude toward life 's encumbrances has seemed to be the dominant trait in Mercer 's personality ever since .
17	Prokofieff might well emerge as a cultural hero , who , by the force of his creative life , helped preserve the main stream of tradition , to which the surviving idioms of current experimentalism may be eventually added and integrated .
11	Hard physical labor and undesirable hours are a part of farm life .
58	The hero , who is himself , is represented as a pilgrim in the storied lands of the East , a sort of Faustus type , who , to quote from Professor Bo ^ o ^ k again , `` even in the pleasure gardens of Sardanapalus can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life .
24	The inner life of congregations will prosper so long as like-minded people of similar social and economic level can fraternize together ; the outer life of congregations - the suitability of the environment to their survival - will be propitious so long as the people in the area are of the same social and economic level as the membership .
33	One is the primary purpose for which marriage exists , namely , the continuance of the race through the gift and heritage of children ; the other is the paramount importance in married life of deliberate and thoughtful self-control '' .
11	There was stability there , too - a color which his life had had once .
15	Faulkner 's low-class characters had but few counterparts in earlier Southern novels dealing with plantation life .
29	`` Finally , all I needed was to throw a little piece of red wood that looked like a firecracker and that dumb dog would run ki-yi-ing for his life '' .
26	When consciousness deserts the sleeping body and the wakeful world , it continues in the myriad progressions of the ever-present past and future , in a life as vibrant and real as the one left when the body tired and required sleep .
31	Such efforts almost always find themselves compelled to ask whether Adam was created capable of growing old and then older and then still older , in short , whether Adam 's life was intended to be part of the process of time .
9	For the moment there was no woman in his life , and it was this vacuum that had given Claire her opportunity .
18	Finally , it gives meaning to much social endeavor , and logic , consistency , and meaning to life .
16	Certainly one of the most important comments that can be made upon the spiritual and cultural life of any period of Western civilization during the past sixteen or seventeen centuries has to do with the way in which its leaders have read and interpreted the Bible .
19	They are n't `` frigid '' and they are n't homosexual ; they 're just restrained in all of life .
20	Surrounded by crime and violence everywhere , the `` hardboiled '' private eye can retain his purity only through a life of self-imposed isolation .
48	For this period , as for earlier centuries , pottery remains the most secure source ; the ceramic material of the age is more abundant , more diversified , and more indicative of the hopes and fears of its makers , who begin to show scenes of human life and death .
14	Science has simply left us helpless and powerless in this important sector of our lives .
11	To get it out into the daylight 's glow Is my life 's aim both first and last , the whole .
14	It might be that certain people were born with a compulsion to complicate their lives , while others could live blissfully motionless almost indefinitely , like lizards in the sun , too indolent to blink their eyes .
15	Since American life is committed above all to productivity and a higher standard of economic life , the countervailing forces of residential and religious exclusiveness have fought a desperate , rearguard action against the expanding interdependence of the metropolis .
28	Mr. Blatz had been at least sober enough to remember to telephone and he turned out to be the greatest boon that had come into Mr. Crombie 's life since he moved to Highfield , in spite of the fact that he did n't work very fast or very long at a time , and he did n't like to work at all unless Mr. Crombie hung around and talked to him .
2	Man 's life , originally shaped for immortality and for communion with God , must now be conformed to the shape of death .
7	As he informs Watson , `` My life is spent in one long effort to escape from the commonplaces of existence .
24	And further he must understand his obligation to the client to not only meet his physical necessities but also to enhance and improve his life and to enlarge the cultural horizon of our society .
57	The night after reading her letter about her surgeon uncle - it must have been late in September - I had a vision of myself returned in ragged uniform from The Front , nearly dying , my head bandaged and bloody , and Jessica bending over me , the power of her love bringing me back to life .
6	The rehearsal through literature of emotional life under controlled conditions may be a most valuable human experience .
31	The embarrassment of these theories over the naturalness of death is an illustration of the thesis that death cannot be only a punishment , for some termination seems necessary in a life that is lived within the natural order of time and change .
1	Even life in harmony with death .
8	Others who wrote of low characters and low life included Thomas Bangs Thorpe , creator of the Big Bear of Arkansas and Tom Owen , the Bee-Hunter ; Johnson Jones Hooper , whose character Simon Suggs bears a close kinship to Flem Snopes in both his willingness to take cruel advantage of all and sundry and the sharpness with which he habitually carried out his will ; and George Washington Harris , whose Tennessee hillbilly character Sut Lovingood perpetrated more unmalicious mischief and more unintended pain than any other character in literature .
7	`` Ca n't you possibly imagine what life is going to be like , here '' ?
9	Bah , what was a contradiction in one 's life ?
17	I raised some kale by hocking the good clothes I had left over from my respectable uptown life , but when that was gone I did n't have a cent .
12	They thought it would be a chance for you to make a life out where nobody will be thought any better than the next except for just what 's inside of them .
19	More than creatures of metropolitan forces , the churches have taken the lead in counteracting the interdependence of metropolitan life , crystallizing and perpetuating the stratification of peoples , giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples .
26	The conversation of the characters creates an atmosphere suggesting the usual mixture of pleasures , foibles , irritations , and concerns which would characterize the common life of a normal village in any age .
52	It would be profitable , I believe , to read these realistic humorists alongside Faulkner 's works , the thought being not that he necessarily read them and owed anything to them directly , but rather that they dealt a hundred years ago with a class of people and a type of life which have continued down to our time , to Faulkner 's time .
45	After another two weeks , the first young emerge , four to eight small daughters that begin to play the role of worker bees , collecting pollen and nectar in the field and caring for the new young generation while the queen retires to a life of egg laying .
4	When she returned to life in the big house she felt shriveled of all emotion save dedication to duty .
16	They plan to become county people who know the proper way to terminate a fox 's life on earth .
5	Christianity declares that in the life and death of Jesus Christ the unique and the universal concur .
